Quality set of pots and pans. They heat evenly and are good looking too!
I wanted to give this 5 stars for how great the suction is on this vacuum, and how light it is to use. But the big problem is that the battery doesn't last as long as the vacuum. When new, this vacuum will go at least 20 minutes at full speed, but little by little, you get less and less battery time. This happened the last time I bought this vacuum, and since the battery cost almost as much as a new vacuum, I just bought a new one. Sure enough, about 9 months after purchase, I could only get about 3 minutes of battery life. So disappointed.
Such a great grill to have! Easy to use/clean. Love it!
Love my Panini Press! Easy to clean & use. I can make my grilled cheese sandwiches and still have enough room to add some hot dogs.
My kids love this toothbrush holder. They love that it has storage on the top to put their combs and toothpaste. My husband loves it because now their toothbrushes aren't all over the bathroom counter. Easy to attach to the wall, no problems with this product. Would definitely recommend this product and would buy it again.
I returned the microwave because it was not a new microwave.
Terrible pot & pan set! Take my advice and DO NOT purchase this set. The copper on the outside stains/fades. Within two uses my pans looked yellow instead of copper. Food sticks terribly even with oil/butter & the inside of the pots & pans are stained. I have scrubbed/soaked them and they still do not look clean. I have only had these for 5 months and I am already looking to replace them.
What a great fridge! And freezer combo! I originally had a Haier Fridge and I was great! Had plenty of storage however the freezer was lacking. It was in a small compartment in the upper right corner. Couldn’t store much besides an ice tray or one single entree. So I was in desperate search for the perfect fridge with a separate door for the freezer, and this was the one! Ample space in freezer, took a little sacrifice in fridge space but so worth it. Very quiet and great build quality! If having a decent size freezer is important to you highly recommend this unit!
I recently bought a new mattress and got the Luna Premium Hypoallergenic Mattress Protector prior to the mattress delivery. about two weeks after I got the mattress one of my cats had a little "accident". My first thought was that the new mattress was ruined, then I remembered the protector. After stripping the bed I found that this protector is indeed waterproof. There was absolutely no moisture or smell on the new mattress...*whew*. This mattress protector did its job flawlessly. Highly recommended for anyone wanting to protect their mattress from accidents.
Really nice bookcase, sturdy and nice looking solid wood shelves. Easy to assemble. Will buy more of these for my house.
Definitely the most comfortable mattress I've ever used (over a year now). I'm a back sleeper, so this mattress is perfect. I do sleep on my side sometimes and it's still great. The mattress is firm, but not stiff. Just right. I built a custom bed frame to support mattress. Didn't like quality of Casper's.
This fryer was easy to use & I love the oil filter drain feature. Makes this fryer a breeze to clean and store the used oil.
Excellent panini press...makes great sandwiches and easy to use. The kids have even found it easy to use....and make their own sandwiches.
I was very impressed with the quality of this bed frame. It was very sturdy and well made. Another excellent quality was how easy it was to assemble. I love the extra storage underneath the bed frame. Would definitely recommend it & would buy another if I needed another bed frame..
This is the best coffee maker. The coffee is the perfect temperature first to last cup. And it is the best tasting coffee ever.
Great little iron. I bought for sewing, but Its great so I will be using it as a travel iron also.
Great crock pot, love the locking lid feature. Easy to use.
My friends compare this microwave's buttons to a 7-eleven microwave. However it functions perfectly, and I love the space saved compared to the previous microwave. If your kitchen is cramped but you still want a high powered microwave, consider this one.
This is such a great vacuum for pet hair on hardwood floors/tile (I don't have carpet)! It is super easy to assemble, use, and empty. We have 2 large 90lb Rottweiler puppies and I have to vacuum daily to keep up with their shedding. I am still amazed every time I use it at how much hair and dirt this vacuum picks up. The unique shape at the bottom is very helpful around corners and the cord extends pretty far. I would highly recommend this product especially if you have a cat/dog.
This cherry pitter does the job. I wanted one to pit cherries for my 4 yr. old who would eat cherries like apples because of the pit. Now half the cherry is not being waste. Sometimes it doesn't work the best on softer cherries and bigget pits will get stuck occasionally. Overall, I am happy with it.
Very sturdy and a perfect height to raise the head of the bed.
I love this coffee maker. My husband likes his coffee cold so he'll make a whole 12-cup pot and stick it in the fridge. I love hot coffee so I have to warm up my coffee each time. I decided to go for this coffee maker because it makes single cups of coffee and I don't have to buy the stupid K-cup things. I love my Kauai Estates coffee and I'm so happy that I can make a fresh cup of coffee whenever I want. It's also very easy to clean and the parts are dishwasher safe :)
This rice cooker is great. I cook brown rice a lot and this cooker makes perfect rice every time. I love it. This product can cook a ton of rice too.
Great broom and dustpan. Love the extendable handle on the broom and the "comb" on the dustpan that get all the dust bunnies off the broom. The compact bristles do a much better job than my previous broom and gets up all the debris.
Love how it fits the mattress pad and mattress perfectly.
This coffee maker makes coffee fast and keeps every cup hot. We also like the fact that you don't need two hands to get a cup of coffee.
Nice piece of furniture. Easy to assemble and looks beautiful in my dining room
This is a loud and powerful fan, if that's what you're looking for this is the fan for you!
LOVE this little thing! Its small and quiet and works very well. We have it in a small bathroom. This works better than any other dehumidifier we've tried!
These silicone-bottomed ice trays are genius. Love them. They are slightly smaller than regular ice cubes, so I need to use more of them, but otherwise, what a great invention. Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece! They have lids so you can stack them before they're frozen.
Awesome brownie pan for those who like their brownies with edges and corners. The pan is top quality and the brownies cook more evenly than in a traditional pan. Worth every penny!
I have a very small oven and had to get smaller baking sheet. This rack fits perfectly into my sheet pan. Good, solid quality. I like that it serves several purposes, because I also use it as a cooling rack, and a coating rack for my baking, as well as a drip rack for cooking. Arrived quickly. Thank you.
I love this tea kettle, although the handle gets very hot so I use a oven mitten to pour water.
We were looking for a bunk bed so we could have a twin on top and queen below. The loft bed fit our needs perfectly. The instructions were a little confusing but I was able to put the bed together almost by myself. My husband just had to help stand it up. My son is thrilled and loves his new bed. Its a bit wobbly climbing up and down but I think that's just because its a loft.
This coffee maker is awesome. Love the side by side brew coffee and single side coffee maker. Great when I want a full pot and great when I want a single cup of coffee or tea. Kids love to make hot chocolate.
After careful consideration I purchased the Excalibur over the LEM dehydrator for my husband. As an avid hunter he wanted a new much larger dehydrator to make his beef/deer jerky over the smaller dehydrator he was currently using. He wanted one with multiple racks and a timer was a must. Once he used the Excalibur he was hooked. With the large multiple racks he was able to make larger batches of jerky at one time. He really liked the timer as well as all the other features the Excalibur has. I plan on putting this dehydrator to use to dry fruit. If you are in the market for a dehydrator let me suggest the Excalibur. It is worth the money.
This is a great little air conditioning unit, it works well to effectively cool our 5mx5m bedroom - which is the hottest room in the house. Keep the door closed and vent through a window with a window seal and it works a treat. It is noisy, there is not denying that. However, It's no more noisy than any other unit. My personal opinion is that it's worth the noise for a nice cool room to sleep in. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an AC unit.
This sausage stuffer is wonderful. So easy to use and to clean.
I was not sure when I purchased this product. I cleaned my wood floors and then used product. I was surprised what a nice shine it gave to my very old wood floors. I will purchase again.
These are so easy to use. I was surprsied at how easy the grinders turned. Easy to hold and turn. I bought this set because both the salt and pepper were grinders, not just the pepper. Many sets have salt shakers with the pepper grinder. Highly recommend!
What can I say, it is a shelf that holds things. Perfect for in the corner of the room, easy to assemble and a great price.
I had a party a few weeks back and I needed a decanter for my wine. This decanter was perfect for the occassion. The surface area nicely allowed for good aeration of my wine. The decanter is attractive to look at and substantial in weight. Pouring the wine was a breeze. Cleaning the decanter was easy with simple rinsing. I would definitely recommend.
My husband and I love this mattress!! We had a memory foam mattress pad on out old inner-spring bed and liked it so much we went with a MF mattress this time. It is firm, which we need for our bad backs, but it does form to your body like good memory foam should. The free pillows were a great bonus! It is too firm for me to use directly, but it is perfect with my "soft" pillow on top. I sleep so well now and I don't wake up when the hubby comes to bed anymore. We would recommend this to anyone with back problems or that just like a firm bed!
Great steam iron! I have never had an iron like this.
Works good, sturdy. Over sized cans don't fit the best or small cans.
For the price, good non stick cooking set. Good heavy guage pots and fry pans.
I used a spiralizer blade with a zucchini and it works great. Easy to set up and use.
I bought these glasses as a replacement for a glass I had accidentally broken. I am very pleased with the quality of the glasses. I like the light weight of the glasses and much prefer them to stemmed wine glasses.
It's a nice cutting cutting board. We have not used it yet. It looks very well made.
This pan was a luxurious gift to myself, something I've wanted a long time. All-Clad is such wonderful cookware and the copper core adds exponentially -- I know, because my father was a mechanical engineer who, at one point in his life, worked for a cookware company and had a set of copper core pans made for my mom. This pan is beautiful, cooks evenly, and is everything I hoped it would be.
