Love this set. They heat evenly and are easy to clean. My first set of stainless steel Cookware. Nice and heavy pots and pans. Everything sticks. Good heat distribution. I love these pots and pans! Love this Cookware. The pots and pans are amazing. So I only use Non-Stick pan for eggs. I love these pans! It's a beautiful set. Be mindful that these are not Non-Stick. The rims on these pots and pans are so sharp.
I used it on both bare floor and rugs. After 4 months of light usage the battery no longer charges. The battery and battery charger will not work. The suction power is great. Picks up cat hair easily. I love this vacuum. And the battery lasts for what I need. I can tell by how much dirt it Sucks up by what needs to be emptied from the container, which is very easy to empty. It is so nice to not have a cord to fight with. This is a great little vacuum. The battery is easy to install and remove. I love this Cordless vacuum cleaner. The battery is fully charged. Waste of money.
George foreman grill who? I love it for making grilled sandwiches; the floating hinge lid means one side of the sandwich does not get squashed. Love this little grill. We use it for beef Burgers, Vegi Burgers, Turkey Burgers, chicken breasts, Paninis, Grilled-Cheese, and Pancakes. I love this Griddler! Also got the waffle plates for it. The removable plates are great and simple for clean up! Cooked Pancakes and the Griddler does not get up to correct temps. Easy to clean. Having the temperature control is excellent. Obviously, an outdoor grill is always better - but this is a close second. I love this grill! Easy to clean with the removable plates. Very versatile.
Heats up quickly, easy to clean and store. I use it to make grilled cheese and Turkey sandwiches. I love this Panini maker! So far so good. Great little Panini press. Heats up fast. It cooks evenly. Heats up and Toasts the bread quickly. It holds at least 2 sandwiches and sometimes 3 depending on the bread size. Easy to clean. Great press. It is nice grill. Love this Panini press! It has no temperature control.
Easy to install. Toothbrushes are protected from Splatter and Toothpastes can be kept organized. Our son loves it. Saves counter space and holds a good amount of stuff. It ’ s as described. Helps maintain hygiene with Toothbrushes and water cups. If you are a big FA! Ily this is a must have. I attached it to my mirror because my tiny bathroom left few other options. Spacious to keep the electric tooth brushes. We have three young kids and Toothbrushes all over the place we're getting to be a mess. I thought the adhesive back wouldn't stick on the wall but it did! I did holes 2-3 inches apart similar to the holes you see in the 2ND picture I added. Cute colorful set that hangs in the bathroom and keeps our toothpaste and brushes clean and organized. Have had it in the shower for about a month now with no issues.
It works well. Would be five stars except it is loud on Micro function. When you try to get the food out, it comes slipping out and I've been burned several times. I did enjoy the grill feature. The Microwave still was working well. Would shut off. As you can see from the picture, I sadly decided to return mine and not burn the house down. I haven ’ t tried the baking feature yet. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase. Moves on a whim. The power button stopped working. Oven does Cook well. Big and fast at heating all sorts of things. Great Microwave oven.
The set is pretty on the stove. Yhe heat distribution is marvelous and my food has been cooking better and more even. I ’ M an avid cook, and decided to try these out even though some had said the copper color comes off. Set is beautiful, easy to clean if you use a powder detergent (powder Ajax or so) to erase white dots remaining after cooking. Definitely not a non stick product. The bronze color and grain is beautiful, the food cooked taste also good. Once understood, it's a lovely addition to my kitchen. I love these pots and pans. Most beautiful pots and pans I have ever owned. I love these pans. Also the food that I cooked stuck to the pan during the first use. Very Heavyweight and beautiful. Absolutely beautiful set! The issues started as soon as we Unboxed these pans.
I love the freezer. At least the freezer keeps things frozen. It comes with a mini ice cube tray and it ’ s adorable. This is a great little Fridge. So far so good. Great Fridge! Very quiet. This is a great refrigerator. And it's not noisy. I find this Fridge to be perfect for my needs. Can hold a gallon of milk and a few other things. It came with a little dent on the front Definably not a big deal. Good Fridge, cools nicely. The freezer is perfect.
I washed it before putting it on the Mattress, it held up well for the wash and dry. I recently bought a new Mattress and got the Luna premium Hypoallergenic Mattress protector prior to the Mattress delivery. This is the best Mattress cover. Arrived on time. Made in the USA. It fits the Mattress, and the top is covered. It is soft and comfortable as well. The Mattress protector is not noisy and does not make the bed hot. This Mattress protector fits my new queen size Mattress perfectly. My collie Vomitted on the bed and the protector stopped the liquid from getting to the Mattress. It is completely waterproof!! It doesn't make any noise and it's soft and playable. Easy to wash and dry. I love this Mattress protector!
Very sturdy and look more expensive than they are. Great shelves. Easy to assemble. I love this book shelf. However, one of the shelves is broken. Love this bookcase! It is beautiful! I was very happy with the table, it seems sturdy and it worked great in my studio. Solid shelf that looks nice at a great price. I love the rustic look of it. I love this desk!!! Easy to put together. Seems to be real wood and sturdy. For the price you can ’ t get a better Deal- I searched Overstock and Wayfair and this was a great deal.
He said it ’ s like sleeping on a cloud. I love my Casper Mattress. This is the best Mattress I have ever used. Love this Mattress. Husbands a back Sleeper I ’ M a side Sleeper. I wake up with less back pain in the mornings than I'd been used to from sleeping on spring mattresses. I like a firm Mattress, but it's a little too firm. It ’ s so comfortable, I have gotten much better nights of sleep and fallen asleep much faster since I got it. I have to say this bed has given me the best sleep of my life! I'd choose it any day over a box spring Mattress. Best bed I've ever slept on. No more back pain in the morning. Not too soft, not too firm. It is extremely comfortable.
The fryer was very easy to clean and the oil Saver was fabulous. This is not a cheaply made deep fryer. This is the best fryer we have ever had. The oil drain system is excellent! Love the oil storage container. I guess that ’ s the trade off for having the oil storage container. Works very well. If you don't own a deep fryer get this one. I love that it is Dishwasher safe! Now I'm in the market for a new fryer, to replace this one. Easy to clean. My one complaint is the temperature control. We have cooked everything from fried chicken, wings, vegetable Tempura, French Fries~Both Idaho and sweet potato! I love this deep fryer.
Love this Panini Press/Grill. It's a black Friday's surprise. So it doesn't take up much counter space. The Non-Stick surface is great. We've had the Breville Panini press for over a year now and it's a great little appliance. Love this Panini maker!!!!! I use it mainly to make grilled cheese sandwiches. An excellent device!! Just wipe with a paper towel. I love this Breville Panini press! It's so easy--and the sandwiches are so good. Heats up fast and Grills the Paninis flawlessly. This press Toasts bread easily. It HEATS quickly, HEATS evenly and the hinged lid works perfectly.
I love this bed frame. No Squeaks. Love the extra storage under the frame. Easy to assemble. Very sturdy. Lots of space underneath for storage. So far, so good! I love this frame!!! However, do not plan on using this product with a Box-Spring. This frame is very sturdy. Easy to put together. We used it for a memory foam Mattress. This bed frame is amazing. Holds my Mattress comfortably without a box spring.
Looks great on my Countertop. I have only had mine for 2 months but I am very happy with it. The Carafe is cheap and does not keep the coffee hot. The coffee taste good but I'm not at all happy with the Carafe! The Carafe keeps the coffee hot for few hours. It is easy to use and the coffee tastes fantastic if you use a good coffee and good water. The coffee Brews quickly and delivers the very hot water needed to extract the best from the grounds. We bought this very expensive coffee maker because it was rated #1 by cooks illustrated. Makes great coffee and it's easy to use. This is our second Moccamaster. The coffee stays hot until I finish the pot. Great coffee maker. I bought the thermos style thinking it would keep coffee warm but the coffee is never hot enough to begin with. Easy to use and clean and makes the best cup of coffee ever.
This little iron is powerful for its size. Nice long cord. I use it for Quilting. Gets hot quick. I love this little iron! I use it for my sewing projects. Very compact. Bought it to use for ironing Quilt blocks. I use it next to my sewing machine while doing patchwork Quilting. Excellent for my sewing projects! It HEATS up quickly. This little iron holds its own with a lot of heat for such a small iron. Perfect for travel. This little iron is perfect!
Love this Crock * pot .. This is my first Crock-Pot brand slow Cooker. This is a great slow Cooker. I ’ ve cooked in it twice a week or more since I got it. Very nice slow Cooker. I love the Timer feature! Love the locks on the lid for transporting food. The outside gets so hot. I love this Crock pot. I love the locking lid. It cooks great. There are three settings high low and warm. This Crockpot is awesome! Terrific Crock pot.
I would not go back to a turn table style Microwave again. It heat the food evenly and very convenient to use. Well, these don't seem to be much better. My favorite feature is the "smart" buttons. They are smart buttons in that you can program them to do things other than Whats on the Keypad. Not commercial grade or strong enough. The bells sounded, same result, the food had not been heated. This was installed in an office building and people are hard to train. Great Microwave for high traffic. I like the fact you don't have a revolving dish. Bought this for my mother, easy for her to use and only cooks 6 min. I chose to turn it off. Powerful and compact. I love this Microwave.
Works great on my Handscraped, hardwood floors. This vacuum is not made for carpet, but works well on any hard flat surface. Lightweight and easy to maneuver. There are three areas that trap dirt and need to be cleaned in order to empty the vacuum. We bought this little vacuum for our new hardwood floors, and it's the best thing ever. My only complaint is the cord is pretty short. I love this vacuum!! This vacuum is amazing. Love this little vacuum. The suction is great! It picks up pet hair and dirt as advertised. And it picks up dust!! I have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
Thanks Oxo for another great product. I then had to use a knife to get the pit out of the mechanism. Works great, sometimes the pit gets stuck in the tool. Used it for Pitting cherries for a Cherry crumble. The Pitter works great on cherries and olives. This is supposed to keep the Cherry juice off your hands. I love this Cherry Pitter. Love this gadget. Very little mess, easy to clean, and to use. Easy to clean. I used to have to cut the pits out of Cherrys for my son. This Cherry Pitter was not useful. This is a great tool. I love cherries and it makes it so much easier!
I just had a total knee surgery and needed to raise the couch to make it easier to get up from sitting. I used the bed Risers to raise my couch. Slight overkill, I suppose. If you have a King bed, you need six of these not four!! Very strong! The height was excellent, but the raisers did not stay put on their hardwood floors. Just the right height to raise my chair. I like the height. Worked perfectly. This is a large antique solid wood desk. After falling over twice I removed to find one (of four) had just about collapsed & failed. I bought these because I have casters on my frame and regular Risers didn't have a big enough opening. I purchased these in two sizes, one for my sofa and the other for my dining room table. Was thinking of ways to increase my table height as my chair would get obstructed.
Produces 14 oz of coffee. Makes a wonderful single cup of coffee .. and fast. Thanks Hamilton Beach! No K-Cups. Makes hot coffee in less than 3 minutes. I switched from a French press. I love this coffee maker. This one makes the coffee taste like burnt plastic. Easy to clean. Even using the "bold" setting. Easy to use, easy to clean and makes a great cup of coffee!! Great little coffee machine. Small enough that it doesn't take up a lot of counter space. If you like strong coffee this is not the coffee maker for you.
Perfectly cooked rice Everytime. If you use less water, the rice comes out burned on the bottom. I loved this rice Cooker. The steaming works well though, and being able to make the rice and keep it warm for hours is great. Comes with measuring cup and measurements in the pan. It cooks rice perfectly! Bought this to replace an older rice Cooker and it is fantastic! The slow Cooker is excellent. I really love this rice Cooker steamer. This is not just a rice Cooker! Rice comes out perfect every time. Easy to clean. Just add the rice and water per the instructions, choose white or Brown rice and wait. This is the best rice maker I have ever owned.
Love the broom rake to get hair off the bristles. The Dustpan works great, easy to get the dirt into and easy to empty. I love this Sweeper set! The rubber lip of the pan is flush with the floor and the teeth clean out the bristles perfectly. The only negative is that the bristles on the brush have quite easily bent. I like the teeth on the dust pan to pull out dust and hair that gets stuck in the broom bristles. I love the dust pan, but the broom leaves much to be desired. The only caution is to be sure to place the broom straight into the Dustpan. I love this set. Not sure why I would collapse the broom handle. I like it. I love the Dustpan, but the broom does not function. The dust pan doesn't lay flush to the Floor.Dust and debris you're hoping to brush into the pan goes underneath. Love this broom and Dustpan!
I washed it before putting it on the bed. I love this Mattress cover! It washes well!! Very comfortable. Very happy with this Mattress pad. The fabric is so soft and it drapes nicely. It fits great. Stays in place. Good cover. It fits my queen size Mattress perfect. It fits perfectly! The pad was as advertised. They fit perfectly and don't bunch up. Well made.
I poured in ingredients for hot cider and it worked great. I got it for our schools open Mic night. This was remedied by bringing the brew station towards the edge of the table so the cup could fit in the space. The coffee maker makes a good tasting cup of coffee with reasonable speed. The Styrofoam cups Crumple when you try to use them - scalding hands. Leaked the first time I used it. The trouble is that the paper cups we use at church are not tough enough to push the dispenser button without bending the cup. Order to replace the old burned out coffee pot. Great coffee maker. Great for large groups or office. We drink so much coffee in a days time, that a 10 or 12 cup Coffeemaker did not suffice. It keeps coffee hot for hours. Purchased this for my Sunday school class. You push against a button to dispense liquid.
This is a beautiful piece of furniture. Very easy to put together. It was easy to put together and seems to be good quality. Great piece. Looks great in our Entryway! The two side doors fit perfectly but the four drawers in the middle don't sit straight. I love this piece. The piece of furniture looks like the picture and matches great to the wood in my dining. I needed a storage or accent cabinet to make a shabby chic coffee and tea station. Very easy to assemble. It came mostly assembled only requiring the legs and bottom shelf to be attached. 12 screws, 12 washers and an Allen wrench all included. Beautiful color. It took me about 15 minutes once it was out of the box.
My only complaint is that even on its lowest setting, it's a wind tunnel. The fan arrived and was easy to assemble. Love this fan! Do not buy this fan. Nice fan. Pros: it puts out lots of air, easy to assemble no bolts etc. Great fans! Easy to assemble. The fan works. It sounds like a fan. This fan is very loud! Very powerful fan! The cover of the fan is cheap plastic and it bumped the front falls off. This fan is a real performer.
Very quiet, and easy to empty the water reservoir when they get full. I used it in my camper during a rain period and it has worked surprisingly well. Very quiet. Product is small, so it's only good for a very small space. Also helps with the air conditioning. It is very humid here on the Texas coast line and it is doing it's job. This is a great little Dehumidifier. It does take water out of the air. I have not used it in my trailer yet, but have tested it in my home. Very quiet and efficient. We purchased this for a basement bathroom with no windows and one small exhaust fan. Easy to empty. I have a large Dehumidifier but it's noisy, so I mostly run that when not immediately next to it. I have it in a small bathroom.
Cubes are easy to pop out!!! Makes ridiculously tiny ice cubes which melt very fast. Not only do the lids help to keep "stuff" out of the water as it is freezing, but it also makes it easier to stack. They have lids so you can stack them before they're frozen. I love these ice trays. Best ever ice cube trays. Its definitely not air tight. They are slightly smaller than regular ice cubes, so I need to use more of them, but otherwise, what a great invention. So easy to pop the ice out! You can't "crack" them like normal ice trays to release the ice. I love that these have lids! I love how easy it is to pop the cubes out of the tray once frozen. This thin plastic will break in half with the slightest twist. I don't see a difference so why not go with a cheaper product that produces the same results.
Love that it is Non-Stick, too! If you like the edges, you will love this pan. I love this pan! Love this pan, makes the best Brownies. I just love this edge baking pan! This is the best Brownie pan ever. The Brownies have 3 Chewy sides. The edges (every. The Brownies turn out perfectly every single time and they practically slip out of the pan with a rubber Spatula. Love this Brownie pan! It ’ s all about the edges. The Brownies cooked evenly and were so easy to cut (Spatula included) and remove. Heavy duty construction. This pan is awesome!
Fits perfectly in my half sheet baking pan! Great baking rack. Cookie sheet sits on it good. Fits perfectly in half sheet pan. Great Baking/Cooling rack. The spring chef 10" X15" cooling & baking rack is awesome! Fits Nordicware half sheet pan perfectly. I will also use it in the oven to Bake bacon. Love my cooling racks! Very sturdy rack. We needed a 17" cooling rack for cooking bacon in the oven. I love that it ’ s stainless steel. Very well made! I love this rack!!
This is an beautiful Teapot, but I did not like it since the base was so small, about 4". Only complaint is that it doesn't whistle, so I sometimes forget and find myself distracted. Used it once a day for tea. I love it. Love this kettle! It boils up clean, and perfect tasting water. Comes with metallic ring for electric stoves. This is a cute little kettle that looks pretty and clean, and is easy to clean. This has a glass lid. Love that you can see the bubbles so you don't have to completely boil the water for tea. I actually got this glass water kettle for health reasons. I liked the all glass design of this kettle so much. Very pleased with this tea pot. Never used it on high (gas stove).
Took us about 2 hours to put together. My daughter loves this bed! This is a great bunk bed. The kids love it. We were able to fit a queen bed underneath with room on one side for a stand up fan. Bed is also a bit wobbly. Purchased this for my 12 year old son. Great bed for the price. The bed is easy to assemble. The instructions were easy to follow. Assembled by one person. Love this bed! The bars for the ladder are a little thin, so could hurt the feet, but my daughter has no problems.
Love this coffee maker. As many other customer reviews state, the reservoir from the single serve side leaks water all over the counter, every day. I love this coffee machine. The Carafe keeps coffee warm for hours. The coffee pot function works great. The coffee is hot. The coffee maker looks great in my kitchen, and the the 12-Cup brewing feature works fine. It makes great coffee. The coffee pot side works very well. The coffee maker side does not keep the coffee hot after it has brewed. Makes a mess on counter. This coffee machine is good. I was wrong. Makes a great cup of coffee.
My herbs are drying well. Soon we wil have dried fruit and fruit leather Galore. Dries evenly and consistently. I love the temperature control and the Timer. I have dried fruits, vegetables and meats. I love this Dehydrator. I've used it many times to make jerky and fruit leathers. I absolutely love this Dehydrator. I have made jerky a few times in it. Only complaint is that it is a bit loud but the quality of the product makes up for it 100X. Love the Timer! This is the best Dehydrator on the market! While you can hear the unit when operating, it is quiet compared to other Dehydrators I've had. So far, I've used it to make beef jerky and chicken treats for my dogs.
Room was cooled to 17C within minutes of operating. It is worth the noise if you need the cooling. And also with the fan function there's no oscillation so if you are not sat directly in line with it it doesn't help much. However, I needed to buy an extension hose to move the unit further indoors. It is noisy, there is not denying that. Cools my bedroom really well. It worked really well, even just using the dry mode, it can lower the temperature 2-3 degrees easily. Makes a large room cold in no time. It can get so hot in our house, especially because we can ’ t open our windows since we have strictly indoor cats. The fan didn't slow down if if the required temperature was met. They had excellent after sales care and resolved the situation for us. It completely cools down the bedroom and small landing and that is it. I am now able to sleep better cause of inventor and them hot sticky nights are just a memory.
Easy to use. This Stuffer worked extremely well and was easy to control. Because you will be using salt be sure to clean the machine after use. You can run it at its lowest speed or turn it the whole way up and it has no trouble with the Driest meats. It came with 3 Stuffer tubes, but none were small enough for snack stick. Called Lem and they are a 9 to 5, M through f business. The hopper is huge so you do not have to stuff the meat in there as much. Sausage Stuffer "excellent"! Starting using Preground pork from a local Butcher which saves a lot of work and today used the new Lem 1606. The clamps made one man operation a breeze! Lift vertical threaded rod while Retracting with drill or gears will grind. Love this Stuffer! Nice Stuffer. Have done 5 batches of sausage - about 20 to 25 pounds of meet each.
It restores the shine on a good surface. Beautiful very noticeable shine and gleam to the floor, and very easy to use. I lifted carpet that had been Covering68 year old Oak floors. Can find the spray cleaner at Walmart but not the floor restorer. My 60 year old wood floors look brand new! My circa 1908 home has beautiful Oak tongue in groove flooring. My floors look fabulous!! I was happy with the results of using this product. Easy to apply. Makes my wood floors look so beautiful. It is not sticky, gives a great shine, and fills in scratches very well. If shiny is what the result needs to be, this is it .. The hardest part of the whole process was keeping the dog and family out of there while it dried! I am now stuck having to work in Smalls batches scrubbing on my hands and knees to remove it.
Easy to fill, easy to use, easy to adjust the coarseness of the grind. Easy to Refill. The best salt and pepper shakers! These are wonderful salt and pepper grinders. Grinds easily and easy to use. Could not ask for more in a salt and pepper grinder set! I love these salt and pepper mills. These are great grinders. Love these salt and pepper shakers! I love these grinders. I expected more out of $40 salt and pepper grinders. They are the best grinders I have ever used. Love these. Oxo has perfected the salt and pepper grinder set.
The shelves are pressed wood and the poles are plastic. I wouldn't put anything too heavy on it. It took me all of 5 minutes to assemble. You get a great little corner shelf for a good price. I love it. Easy to assemble. No tools needed. I love this corner shelf. I love this in the corner of my living room! It was easy to assemble no tools required. This is a great shelf. But it ’ s very cheaply made. The shelves are particle board but solid and the poles are plastic but also sturdy. Super cute and easy to put together.
This is a very clean looking wine Decanter. The wine Decanter is shown with a stainless steel aerator. Prefect for my wine events! Love this Decanter. Simple design but elegant as well. False picture!!!!! I love the shape and design of this Decanter. This only includes the Decanter base (only 1 thing included). Love it. Great Decanter for the price. Makes wine taste better than ever. It's got a beautiful shape and I use it for every bottle of red I open. Sometimes wine goes everywhere. Both recipients loved it.
We bought a King size for our Rv. Very firm. We have been sleeping on this for a week now and we are more rested with less back pain. This Mattress is perfect. Very comfortable. Great Mattress for the price. I love the pillows too. This bed is amazing! This is the second Dynastymattress cool breeze we've purchased. I have been sleeping on this Mattress for about 1 year now. Mattress helped my back and keeps me cool, but ever since the first night we slept on the Mattress I have had neck problems. The Mattress came vacuum packed, amazing! It Doesnt get hot, its firm, but not too firm. I love this Mattress!
It will quickly remove wrinkles from new, heavy drapes. I really like this iron. I've used Rowenta irons for years and this one scared me last night. It leaks water. I love this iron! Lots of steam. The steam is amazing! It stopped working yesterday. ! ” I ’ ve had my iron 16 months and the last two months have been trying. I like this iron. The steam is great! After using this Rowenta, I was surprised at the amount of steam it put out. Built cheaply compared to the previous irons from Rowenta. It leaks.
I use these in our pantry and they do just what they're supposed to--save space and help you stay organized. Also, it ’ s pretty flimsy. Love this to organize my pantry better. Will not fit larger diameter and length cans, such as large Veg-All, Family-Size Campbell ’ s soup and Campbell ’ s chunky soup cans. The item shipped only holds 30 normal sized cans and 10 Tuna sized cans. Will be being at least one additional unit. Easy to assemble. This is a great product if you just want to use it with regular sized cans. It also keeps the cans in order for their use. This might be helpful if you want to store a “ different ” type of canned good in the middle. They are sturdy enough to place a basket on top of to maximize my food storage and organization. I will be buying another. It ’ s very sturdy, it goes together pretty easy, and it holds the cans and distributes them nicely. It holds a ton of cans.
I've used many of the pots for cooking, and so far have done well, the food doesn't stick to the pots. The Non-Stick coating chips off sauce pans in big chips. The pots and pans are great. Nice set of pots and pans! The non stick works. My mom needed to replace some of her older pots and pans and this was perfect. This set is a great starter set. Love this set! I love these pots and pans! The utensils are fine, as are the Frying pans. I love these pans. Amazing deal! Ive been using it almost 5 months and it Doesnt make food to stick to it.
Love this Spiralizer! I love it. Lots of fun creating new dishes. I've used it for Zucchini, sweet potatoes and broccoli stems. Love this Spiralizer. Easy to use and clean. I look forward to trying many new recipes with various appropriate produce. Blades are sharp and cut well. This Spiralizer is so easy to use! This is so much fun to use. Can't wait to try it. What a great way to eat more Veggies. This is my first Spiralizer. The suction cup on the bottom is the best!
I was heart broken when my final piece of Stemware 'Went to heaven' being washed. So far so good. Like always put liquid in the glasses then ice. * edit * ran the remaining glass through the Dishwasher. Looks nice, but is quite fragile. They are elegant, they keep beverage cold longer than other wine glasses. They break easily. These glasses keep the beverage cold and look Classy. Since then (1 month) one of the glasses broke in the sink with no apparent reason as there was no other things in the sink. Probably would still have remained ice cold much longer, but I finished the beer. Keep white wines cold. These glasses are beautiful! Love these glasses. These wine glasses are perfect!
It ’ s big and it ’ s heavy, but it doesn ’ t hold up well to serious chopping like it says. My wife loves this cutting board. I oiled it for him too with some mineral oil. Nice cutting boards. They could use a good rounding over. 3+ years of daily use. They are thick and solid, but not too heavy, and they provide a very nice cutting surface. Overall, despite the somewhat rough finish, it seems like a nice product. This board is a beautiful and functional addition to my new kitchen! I have washed it and oiled it. I am very pleased with the sizes and I love the thickness of them. It is a beautiful Butcher block that I gave as a gift to a family member who absolutely loved it. It is exactly what it says it is "thick heavy & solid". I can ’ t risk having chopping board pieces in my food.
Our set came with 1.5 Qt and 4 Qt pans, which are often a little small and a little large for cooking for two people. I also loved that it was made in the USA. We own a set of All-Clad copper core Cookware but decided this size pan would be handy to add to our collection. I have a collection of the All-Clad copper core Cookware and it never Disappoints. It's a good pot. This Cookware is nothing I ever owned before. But good quality Cookware, if you need this size. All-Clad is now my "go to.". Be careful and only buy all clad that is sold by Amazon. Cooks evenly and cleans up easily. However, the quality and construction is top notch and it is excellent for it's intended purpose otherwise. This is a wonderful pan. The 1.5 sauce pan is excellent.
