Always wanted a nice set of pots and pans and this set is the one. This set of pots & pans has turned out to be the best set I've ever purchased. Great price for this quality set of pots/pans! But for what I want, a great set of pots and pans which heat evenly and quickly, these are GREAT. This is my first set of pots and pans that are higher quality than the cheap non stick set everyone gets when they move into their first place. My first set of really great pans. Wonderful...I love my new set, is everything and more of what I expected....If anyone needs a new set of pans, look at these pans. Quality set of pots and pans.
But the vacuum works well and the battery power is good. The vacuum works well when it is working but battery doesn't last very long. This happened the last time I bought this vacuum, and since the battery cost almost as much as a new vacuum, I just bought a new one. I have another vacuum just like this one, so I used the battery for it to get the new one to work. Tried our old battery in the new vacuum and it worked perfect. Even if there were no battery issues I still wouldn't buy this vacuum again. But the big problem is that the battery doesn't last as long as the vacuum. I think I can vacuum about 400 sq ft of tile and area rugs before needing to recharge, so get the extra battery if you vacuum a really large area and/or vacuum often, just so you don't have to wait for the single battery to recharge.
We have used both sides of the plates to grill/griddle and everything cooks evenly, in much less time than a regular grill. The grill plates heat up quickly, and are easy to remove and clean. This product is every bit as good as the positive reviews promised: easy to clean, easy to switch out griddle/grill/waffle plates, easy to store. I ordered the waffle plates to go with this and love this cuisinart grill. The grill is easy to clean, the plates snap in and out easily for cleaning and do well in the dishwasher. Waffle plates are a separate purchase, and the grill plates it comes with have both grill and smooth surfaces, allowing use as a contact grill or an open griddle. I bought it mainly for the waffle plates, but find that I use the grill and griddle more than I ever thought I would. Easily clean the grill/griddle plates in warm soapy water or dishwasher.
We love grilled cheese sandwiches and the panini press makes them so much better. I love this panini press and use it several times per week to make grilled cheese and other sandwiches. My kids love it most of all and have made lots of sandwiches using the panini press. Fantastic panini grill, makes great sandwiches get hot quickly well made product, nice design I won’t buy one again and as I said in the beginning, unless you really like panini or hot sandwiches, just get a food grill. This is a great little machine that heats quickly and makes good panini sandwiches. It heats up quickly and makes delicious Panini sandwiches. With this Hamilton Beach Panini Press, my sandwiches tasted much better plus it is easier to clean.
It’s still stuck on the bathroom wall and the kids love it since we don’t have much surface area to put a toothbrush and cups. Completely eliminated bathroom counter clutter and kids like having their own cups and racks for their toothbrushes. This is a great addition to a bathroom with no counter space, very happy with it , my electric toothbrushes wouldn't fit in the holders but it fit in the top basket My husband loves it because now their toothbrushes aren't all over the bathroom counter. Toothbrush holds very well in place and the kids love using their cups!! There are plenty of room for more toothbrushes and the kids love the colors It stays up very well on the wall even though my kids are fairly rough when grabbing their toothbrushes. It really stick to the wall and hold the 8 toothbrushes on my house.
Great microwave, has some great features like the grill function. Great price for large microwave the grill feature is subpar. All 3 works: microwave, convection and grill. The grill feature is amazing no more microwave taste. I Love my new microwave oven. I use the Grill feature more than the microwave. I haven't used it as an oven as of yet but the microwave is very powerful and quiet. its a nice microwave and the convection oven heats quickly.
I was very excited about these copper pans. What a great price on a great product - give your coated pots and pans to Goodwill and discover what quality copper ware can do for your cooking! Within two uses my pans looked yellow instead of copper. Even after learning to cook with them, they are still hard to clean and the copper has to be polished after every use... With 4 children and a busy life, there is no time to polish pots and pans... He told us that this set has all the conduction of good copper pans and the ease of cleaning that the stainless steel or aluminum (not sure which) provides on the cooking surface. Most beautiful pots and pans I have EVER owned. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these pots and pans!!! Everything stuck to them turned black inside pans and copper discolored badly after each use not worth the clean up and maintenance
While this little fridge/freezer is a very nice size with a great capacity only the refrigerator works. Very quiet works great for an every day fridge freezer Works great and has a lot of space in both the fridge and freezer. its the perfect size and I love the freezer fridge combination though, and it looks perfect in the space. We needed a mini fridge with a separate freezer compartment with its own door. Wish it had more fridge capacity and the freezer were a little smaller but it cools perfectly and is relatively quiet. I like that the freezer door is separate from the fridge and has dirt storage. Fridge works good, freezer doesn't.
You wouldn't even know that I had the mattress cover on her bed if I didn't tell you! I was looking for a waterproof mattress cover to use with my new mattress. Does not make the mattress too hot and you can’t even tell it’s on the bed! The Waterproof Mattress Protector fits a thick mattress very well. I purchased this product for my new mattress. So far this mattress protector has been very comfortable and easy to fit on our mattress. Great Mattress Protector....Fits well around the mattress. Since we bought a new mattress we wanted a new mattress cover.
Really nice bookcase, sturdy and nice looking solid wood shelves. Finish is good for the price and love the wood shelves and industrial look. High end looking wood shelves and VERY easy to put together! Very nice desk, sturdy, easy to put together, and looks great. This shelf is really good quality, easy to put together, and sturdy. the shelves are beautiful and were easy to put together....love them.. This was super easy to put together (think it took about ten minutes total) and I was surprised by how beautiful the wood shelves are. It looks great, and it's easy to put together and sturdy.
This mattress is very comfortable when sleeping alone. The mattress is comfortable. So I received a defective mattress after 2 weeks of sending pictures back and forth with the Casper “ specialist” I’m still awaiting my new Mattress to arrive in the coming weeks that being said I’ve I’ve been sleeping in the defective mattress this whole time and I have to admit even though it’s defective I’m getting better sleep than with my old mattress I’m looking forward to sleep on the non defective mattress and I will post a review on that later Definitely the most comfortable mattress I've ever used (over a year now). Had a sleep number mattress before I got the Casper mattress and wow what a difference. We have been using our Casper king size mattress for four months and it is the most comfortable mattress I have ever laid on. By far the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. Have had this mattress for four months now and we love it.
Absolutely love this deep fryer because of the easy to clean drain oil feature! Absolutely love this deep fryer, it heats up fast, cooks great and the storage for the oil works great. The ability to drain and filter the oil for the next use so you have clean oil is probably the best feature but this fryer also has quick recovery when frying. I have this fryer for a couple of years now and and it so easy to clean and the oil self storage to great. It is so great to be able to automatically drain the oil after use; this allows me to clean the deep fryer each time we use it. Great fryer easy to clean/drain oil, cooks great does as good a job as professional cookers. The oil filtration system works well and the fryer is very easy to clean. I love the way I can filter out all the debris from the used oil and store it so I can clean my fryer and put away.
Heats up fast and does a good job with panini sandwiches. This Breville Panini Duo machine makes yummy sandwiches and it is the best panini maker I've found on the market. Excellent panini press...makes great sandwiches and easy to use. We've had panini or grilled sandwiches 3 days in a row. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys panini sandwiches. Got this as a B-day gift for wife because she likes Panini sandwiches - now I'm the "hero" of the house. This unit is good though - makes a great panini and we use it a lot... it's just not as easy to take the food off the grill or to clean. It cooks everything from the expected Panini sandwiches to fried parmesan zucchini slices.
The mattress doesn’t fit on the frame quite right, but the bed seems sturdy. I was looking for a bed frame that didn't need a box spring for a mattress but was still sturdy. Very excellent product design, so easy to put together and very sturdy, so far very happy with this bed frame. This bed frame is sturdy and fairly easy to assemble. This item was perfect since I could use my same bed frame and had a sturdy support for my box spring and mattress. This bed frame was very easy to put together and perfect for my queen mattress! The bed frame is easy to put together. This bed frame is very sturdy.
Easy to use and make the best coffee. If you like a good cup of coffee, you will LOVE this Coffee Maker!!! It’s everything I want in a coffee maker - nice, hot coffee and a carafe that won’t break. This coffee maker makes a great cup of coffee. Makes a great cup of coffee but the carafe only holds 4 cups of coffee. The coffee taste as good or better than coffee house coffee. If you love coffee, this is a must own. I love coffee!
My sewing area is small and I was tired of the big ironing board and full size steam iron taking up so much space, when I mostly need to iron small pieces. This iron the perfect size for sewing but i never got the steam to work. This is great for someone who’s sewing I don’t love the steamer part the iron is fine very small so its great for traveling but so small it takes longer to iron obviously. It is heavy for a small steam iron, which is a good! I love the size of this little steam iron. I love this little iron, it fits so nice in your hand and gets really hot and does have steam. If you are looking for a small iron that is easy to travel with and don’t care that it doesn’t steam, this one would work. I've been doing a lot of sewing lately (masks) and wanted a smaller iron that heats quickly and doesn't take up a lot of space...this little but mighty steam iron does that and it meets all my needs.
I love this crock pot.Its the best crock pot i ever had.I love its so easy to use and when you set the timer it automatically sets the temperature on the setting it needs to be on,It also automatically goes to warm after the cooking time is up.It also has a seal around the lid for when you cook so that the fluids dont leak out.I also love how its easy to carry and it has a locking lid for when you need to carry it or travel with it the locking lid proves the extra protection for your food when you are transporting it.Its easy to clean and easy to use.The best crock pot ever However, with this crock pot I really only need about 4 hours...and that's with the food cooking on the low setting. This crock does a great job the timer is spot on.. no over cooking and it keeps food warm when food is done! After many years our old crock pot no longer switched to warm after cooking on high all day so after much research we chose this crockpot I have used it 10 times already and other then it loosing programming after a power flicker love it, why did they not add program save feature like even the cheaper timers have Everything I love about a crockpot plus the timer makes it even better by switching to warm after the time you set it to cook for that way food doesn't dry out. A crock pot with a lid that seals AND has a "warm" setting. Great crock pot, love the locking lid feature. I received my first Crock Pot as a Christmas gift in the 70's, and fell in love with slow cooking.
This microwave is easy to keep clean, easy to quickly use, and heats evenly. This is a very simple microwave that would be great for someone that cannot understand the buttons on most microwaves. easy to operate/program, powerful microwave oven and easy to keep clean as well. This solid, durable commercial microwave is very easy to use and extremely easy to clean. nice size, well built purchased because unlike home microwaves, this commercial microwave does not have a that annoying turntable. When the old donated microwave at the office died, I jumped at the opportunity to replace it with this commercial microwave. It works very well, heats remarkably evenly for a microwave. I really love this microwave, but it stopped heating in the 14th month - - only six weeks after the warranty ran out!
This is the best vacuum I have had for picking up pet hair on hardwood floors.I have had this vacuum for 3 months and have had no problems,I was thinking about buying another one just to have an extra one when this gets old.The price was great for how good it works! This is such a great vacuum for pet hair on hardwood floors/tile (I don't have carpet)! Picks up dog hair on hardwood better than any other vacuum I have used. After a month of having it I gave up on it and got a brand new vacuum that works great on my hardwood floors and does a much better job of getting up dog/cat hair and dirt. If you need a vacuum for hard floors for small debris of pet hair this is it. This little vacuum gets all the dirt and hair. Now almost 6 months later its nothing but a hair vacuum. There's really no such thing as a "pet hair" vacuum.
the cherry pitter works really well and is so much more efficient than the paring knife I was using to cut the pit out of cherries for my kids There is no need to line up the cherry perfectly and hold the pitter a certain way and for the first time, I didn't wear an apron to pit cherries...the splatter shield really works. I had an old cherry pitter that was hard to use and often did not do the job - but this one is GREAT - just get one if you need to pit cherries - very fast, reliable, and easy to use. The cherry pitter is easy to use and make pitting cherries and olives so easy.. Cherry pitter works well and pits 9 out 10 cherries without any problems. This product from OXO takes a difficult job and makes it so easy to pit cherries, that we can now enjoy fresh cherry pies throughout the season. Great gadget..comes in very handy for kids especially..my 3 year old would'nt let me cut the cherries into half for me to be able to pit them but with this cherry pitter I can maintain the shape and look of the cherry and pit the seed easily for her! I first saw this cherry and olive pitter when I visited my daughter and she was removing pits from cherries for my 2 1/2 year old grandson.
These are good for putting extra storage under your bed, but not all the legs on my bed frame fit into these risers. By mistake, I ordered the three inch bed risers which did not raise my bed up as high as I wanted. We thought if it was sturdy enough for a bed, it would work for a chair. Very sturdy and a perfect height to raise the head of the bed. They don't make the bed too high but just enough lift for some extra under bed storage. Great Bed Risers...well made...works well 3" additional height .... additional storage ..my dog now fits under the bed....Thanks.. These allow me to have more storage under my bed. We use these to raise a bed and can fit under bed storage totes.
This machine lets me brew a cup of coffee at a time, but also lets me use whatever coffee I have. Using the same coffee that I was using in the Keurig, I get a MUCH better cup of coffee. It is easy to make a great cup of coffee. My coffee goes a long way because it doesn't take much coffee to make one cup. This coffee maker does not brew hot enough to make a great cup of coffee. love this coffee machine, easy ,quick, and makes great coffee. Easy to clean and do a second coffee too. great if you want just one cup of coffee!
I love this rice cooker, its easy to use and easy to clean! The great thing about this rice cooker for us is that we can steam their veggies and cook the rice at the same time. This rice cooker is awesome - I haven't cooked anything else in it, but cooks regular rice perfectly, and very easy to clean! Great rice cooker, easy to use and clean. I LOVE this Rice Cooker, so easy to just set it and go. great product great price loved the best rice cooker ever Easy to clean look nice and the water doesn't come out from rice cooker make the kitchen table clean. Very large rice cooker for a good price and easy to use..
I tried to store the broom inside the dustpan but it broke a few bristles but you can still hook it to it but not put it inside the dust pan. The little teeth on the dustpan work great for getting all the dust and dog hair out of the broom bristles. The broom works great and I love that I can sweep crumbs into the dustpan without having to bend down. the broom is a bit small but the dustpan work great and the broom cleaning part of the dust pan works amazing and its lasted the test of time had it for months and still using it so i high recommend the comb on the dustpan removes the dust from broom, and it is is strong enough that i know it won't break when i sweep daily after my five cats. Love this broom and dust pan set!!! Love this broom/dust pan set. The broom is just fine and the dustpan will pick up the dust without it going underneath.
I am pleased with the mattress pad, it washed nicely and fit easily on my queen mattress. great mattress pad fits well on my bed well made and great price The mattress pad is very well made, soft and fit the mattress perfectly. Once in the bed, it made my mattress more comfortable than ever. The mattress pad was the perfect size to fit over both the mattress and foam bed topper and the combination made our bed so much more comfortable. Mattress pad was a very nice quality and fit the mattress well. I was looking for a mattress pad that would not fall apart as soon as it was washed and one that would fit our thick mattress. This is a great mattress cover fits great very soft and comfortable would definitely recommend
Coffee was great with every cup. This coffee maker makes coffee fast and keeps every cup hot. It's relatively easy to clean and definitely keeps the coffee hot. Makes a good cup of coffee. The coffee was easy to brew, but we found that the temperature of the coffee was too hot for most people. Very good coffee maker , coffee stayed hot &very easy to clean Good coffee. Coffee was good!
This is a great piece and easy to put together. Product as expected, I love it's color and it's a sold piece. Beautiful piece of furniture, nicely packaged and easy to assemble. The piece of furniture looks like the picture and matches great to the wood in my dining. Looks like a high quality piece, color is darker than shown in photo but was okay for me. The sideboard was very easy to put together, the easiest of any I have experienced, since the main part comes already assembled, and I think the styling and finish make the piece look like a much more expensive piece of furniture. easy assembly, sturdy piece. it looks great and was easy put together.
This fan makes a loud noise but is good because it gives the air I need. It’s a good fan and it blows air out more then I expected and it’s not loud. Fan is very loud, but moves a lot of air. Big, loud fan that moves a lot of air. It is definitely loud but I like white noise at night and this fan is only used in our room. I like the fan sound on when I sleep, so this fan is perfect because it’s not too loud, nor too quiet. It makes a fan moving air noise that I like. Fan works great plenty of power easy to assemble can be a bit loud.
Works okay but only for very small room. I use it in a small bathroom and it works great. Smaller than you think, it definitely works good but the space has got to be small, closet, small bathroom etc I looked to see what humidity level the 45-qt dehumidifier was reading in the room, and it was way up there, so it's not that there was no moisture in the room. It definitely works and pulls moisture out of the air, but it is best for small spaces (closet, maybe a small bathroom). This is very small but it pulls the humidity out of a small bathroom. just started using the Gurin dehumidifier in my rv and it works very well, small in size so it doesn't take up a lot of room, it's very quiet, glad I got this item. Its small and quiet and works very well.
The lids fit well and, because the trays are silicone, it's easy to remove individual ice cubes by pushing up from the bottom. Pros: - Lids fit and trays are stackable for freezing - Ice do indeed pop out by pushing the silicone bottoms - Good price for quality and amount Cons: - Lids don't quite fit if overfilled and iced over, or after popping some ice out - Takes a bit to pop the ice out (brace both hands on sides) Overall, satisfied with purchase. Don't buy; trays are very small, not easy to use as ice is hard to remove and there is only enuf ice per tray for one small glass. I like these ice trays but if you have any sort hand strength issues - you may have problems getting ice cubes loose. Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece! It is very easy to pop out the ice cubes from these trays. The silicone bottom on these trays alleviates the need for twisting the tray to remove the cubes. My freezer doesn't have ice maker, so I have to use ice cube trays.
If you like the edges of the brownies you will love this brownie pan! The brownies this pan made had perfect edges (at least two on each brownie). It was easy to pour the brownie mix into the pan, and the coating on the pan made it so the brownies didn't stick at all and it was very easy to clean. Awesome brownie pan for those who like their brownies with edges and corners. With this pan every piece has an edge so the brownies go alot faster, I personally like the way they cook in this pan as each brownie ends up with some edge and some soft. ), the edges on brownies from this pan are the same texture as the rest of the brownie. This pan makes the best brownies ever, everybody loves the edges. now this is my favorite pan I love brownies and the edges are the best so now I get everything I want brownies and crisp edges the product bakes up great and the pan cleans up easy
Sturdy and great for baking cooling rack or oven crispy bacon or chicken wings! I needed a cooling rack that fit my toaster oven baking pan. This rack fits in my baking pan perfectly and cleans up easy in the dishwasher. Heavy duty, sturdy rack that fits perfectly in my baking pan. I needed a baking rack that was oven safe, and this one works perfectly. I needed a baking rack for cooking bacon in the oven. This rack fits my baking sheet perfectly and is very high quality! I needed baking rack that would fit my pan so I cook my bacon in the oven but not have it sit in its own fat.
i love my glass water kettle! I love this tea kettle, although the handle gets very hot so I use a oven mitten to pour water. We needed a simple kettle to heat up our water for coffee and tea each morning. Been using this kettle fine since I bought it back in Fall 2018, but went to heat up water like I've been doing since; the bottom of the kettle separated from the full body and hot water was now all over the stove and floor. I was a little bit worried about a glass tea kettle being extremely fragile, but it turns out I'm just not used to cooking with glass. I absolutely love this tea kettle! I did find an electric kettle that is all glass (the water doesn't touch any of the metal or plastic) so I am very happy with that one. I liked the all glass design of this kettle so much.
The bed is great now that it is put together. Bed was somewhat easy to put together. This bed was very easy to put together. this is a great, sturdy bed. Other then that the bed looks great and is very sturdy. This is a great, sturdy, bed. This bed is good and sturdy. Bed is sturdy, easy to assemble, and a good value.
We love having a coffee maker that can make one cup of coffee or a whole pot. This is great - she can have her pot of coffee and when I want a single cup later in the morning I can brew my k-cup - this is absolutely the perfect coffee maker Makes great coffee and i love the option of one cup or a pot of coffee. This coffee maker does exactly what it is supposed to do: serve a single K cup or a pot full of coffee. I want to love this coffee maker - it makes good coffee it's easy to use and it's super convenient with either the large pot which coffee nice and hot or the single serve coffee maker great for making single cups. Sometimes I only was one cup of coffee and with this machine I can do that. We can make a whole pot of coffee or just a single cup. This coffee maker has been trouble from day 1 , the coffee pot side will not keep the coffee warm , the single use pod side has issues , it blows up the pods on and off , leaves a mess with splash out when it does start to drip , don't buy this coffee combo machine .
I purchased the Excalibur dehydrator to primarily make beef jerky. I love to make Kale Chips, crackers, Tofu Jerky, granola and dry out my fruits (for healthy, cheaper snacks) in this dehydrator! This is hands down the best dehydrator I have owned, I love the timer and how you can adjust the temperature of the dehydrator, the 11.25 square feet of space makes it easy to dehydrate more food quicker, The horizontal design makes dehydrating a lot faster than vertical dehydrated. My kids loved the fruit leather and jerky coming out of this dehydrator. Fantastic dehydrator, love the jerky and other dehydrated food I've made with it. I have made a batch (10 lbs jerky every month) so far since I bought this dehydrator and it still works great. I LOVE THIS PRODUCT WORKS GREAT BEST DEHYDRATOR I HAVE EVER OWNED EASY TO CLEAN EASY TO WORK WITH I WOULD RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT So far I love this dehydrator works great.I see people saying how noisy this unit is and I have to say it is not loud at all.All I here is a fan and it's not loud!
Having bought a unit for the loft room in 2019, we bought a second unit this summer of 2020 for a different room. You have to let it run all night if you want cool air but it's quite noisy. However nice cold air to cool the room. Otherwise keeps the room very cool, just too noisy to sleep with so i run it before bedtime, which works well. The chilly, It’s powerful, but noisy, cools lounge quickly, sleep mode makes it quieter, remote does everything you need to make yourself comfortable. Does cool a room reasonably quickly but is very noisy to leave on when sleeping. My personal opinion is that it's worth the noise for a nice cool room to sleep in. Good unit for the price, cool down my living space quickly.
The Lem Sausage Stuffer is a great product easy to use and easy to clean it performed better than the other machines I used, highly recommend this prduct. I used to use my Cabelas meat grinder but now after using the stuffer i will never be without a LEM Sausage stuffer again. I have been using the sausage stuffer attachment on my grinder for a couple years but finally got tired of messing with the cumbersome setup, so I purchased the LEM 5lb stuffer. WILL NOT PUSH SAUSAGE THRU CURVE IN STUFFER AND LEAKS AROUND PLUNGER CAN NOT PUSH HANDLE TO PUSH SAUSAGE MIX INTO CASINGS most sausage recipes are 5 pounds , I have enjoyed this 5 pound stuffer for that reason and more, it is easy to clean and does not require a lot of room etc. Had a 5 pound LEM Stuffer that worked great , upgraded to the 20 # Motorized stuffer and heave put it through its paces from sausage to snack sticks- never misses a beat, easy to clean wide range of speed adjustments Never own a sausage stuffer before so not sure what's the price range, but works great so I'm happy. I will never use my sausage grinder/stuffer again.
This product makes my hard wood floors in the kitchen, shine! This is the best product that I've found to put some shine into real hard wood floors. I have never used a product this good for wood floors. This product makes my wood floors look great! I used this product on my wood floors. Best product for my wood floors. After cleaning our wooden floors, this wood restorer leaves a beautiful clean shine and makes the floors look new! I cleaned my wood floors and then used product.
I love this set, the salt and pepper grinders both work really well, with adjustable settings for grind. Love these salt and pepper grinders, you can adjust the grind, easy to refill, and really all around great! Fantastic salt and pepper grinders, no mess, grind perfectly, wonderful as a gift. The cap to refill the grinders is set inside the part you twist to grind the pepper & salt. Providing a firm grip, as do all OXO products, these salt and pepper grinders have easy to adjust settings to grind virtually any variation from very fine to course. No mess, grind from the top salt & pepper grinders. Grinders work fine and after a couple of months they still grind away the rock salt and pepper in them. Both grinders grind the salt and pepper with ease.
This is a very nice sturdy shelf and it was easy to assemble I didn't even need the directions that's how easy it is to put together I would definitely buy again and I would definitely recommend this product 🥰 Perfect corner shelf that is so easy to put together and is sturdy. Easy to assemble, super cute corner shelf! It’s easy to put together and good fit if we put the shelf in the corner next the door. I needed a shelf for a small corner between my bed and the wall and thought this would be perfect. It doesn't look cheap, considering the price, you get a pretty nice corner shelf. This little corner shelf is such a great space saver, plus it’s easy to assemble and move! Pretty sturdy, very easy to assemble...fits in corner great and looks nice... doesn't look cheap...
2) When you pour the very last bit of wine (you are holding the decanter completely upside down) it tends to pour from the entire circle and unless you have a wine glass with a giant opening it spills. It is a nice decanter with nice shape, but it just too heavy to hold and pour the wine into the glass when there is not too much remaining. The decanter is attractive and does a good job with the wine. Don't buy the Wine Enthusiast Wine Decanter Glass stopper as it does not fit properly with this decanter. My only issue with it is that it is almost impossible to pour the wine into a wineglass without some of the wine trickling down the side of the decanter. Absolutely love this wine decanter. The wine Decanter I just purchased from Amazon. This is a very clean looking wine decanter.
I was looking for new mattress for my bed. After many months of sleep on this mattress I can say it is still very firm, for me that is great and I love it. I love this at mattress, it's so comfortable! Great price, mattress is so comfortable! It is a really nice mattress firm support that,I wanted well made slept on it last night a little chemical smell but gone this morning.This mattress is heavy so you may need help to get it in your house.Love it and the pillow that came with it. I’ve had this mattress for 4 years now and it is still very comfortable. This is a pretty firm mattress but very very comfortable. I first purchase a mattress back in 2015 which we love and it is still firm to this day.
This is the second iron I purchased from Rowenta, I had this iron lest then 1 year and the steam button stopped working. I have had a Rowenta steam iron for 20 years and I loved it. I purchased this iron for the steam power that Rowenta is known for. Best iron for steam ironing. Very high quality iron, great steam, even heat and heavy iron but feels light while ironing if that makes any sense. I keep the iron with water in it but the steam button stopped again. I LOVE THE IRON, but it uses so much steam. Love Rowenta irons since I'm one of the few people who iron everything, so you might as well have an iron that works well!
Saves space in my pantry, and the cans that fit, it's nice to have them drop down in the order I put them in. They are great for multiple sizes of cans and keep my pantry looking very organized. These are a little bulky but I can live with it since I have ordered 2 of them and will continue to order more as the cans start to overflow in the pantry. I love that I can keep the cans in the pantry sorted and rotated. Keeps my Pantry organized, easy set-up and holds and rotates cans very well It fits standard sized cans well but dosen't fit small cans very well (small cans sometimes get stuck) but i like it very much, I used 3 sets to fill 2 24" shelves in my pantry and combined 3 shelves of items into 2 shelves.I like that you can connect as many or as few as you want to fit any size cabinet. Easy to assemble, sturdy enough to hold all the cans. A great way to organize my cans in the pantry.
IF you are looking for a good set of pans this is the one. Good set of pans. I love my pots and pans set. Nice set of pots and pans! Very nice set of pans. What a nice set of pans. She likes them, a really nice set of pans for the price. I love the new set of pots and pans I ordered.
Spiralizer works great and it is easy to change blades and clean up. I love this spiralizer, it's easy to use, and very easy to clean. My spiralizer is easy to use, easy to clean and now the veggies add interesting and fun shapes to our meals! Easy to use, clean and store...I love this spiralizer! The next night I made Asian "noodles" out of zucchini and the spiralizer made it easy and convenient. This little spiralizer does a great job in making zoodles (zucchini noodles). I find it easy to assemble, easy to clean, and great with carrots, potatoes, zucchini, cukes and I want to try out a beet salad receipe I have using the spiralizer. Spiralizer is very easy to use and easy to clean.
Due to the double wall, the glasses were thicker than I like for a wine glass. We have always thought it would be nice to have insulated glasses and the wine glasses in actual glass. The glasses do not sweat and the wine stays cold. I bought these glasses as a replacement for a glass I had accidentally broken. These wine glasses have a quality feel about them. They are elegant, they keep beverage cold longer than other wine glasses. If the glass being 12 or 13 ounces doesn't matter, these are the glasses for you. I love these glasses because they keep my white wine cool even in the summer!
Great cutting board, heavy and sturdy. This is a beautifully made & very heavy butcher block cutting board. The cutting board is thick and heavy enough to stay in place while using it. I'm for sure satisfied and would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a thick solid bamboo cutting board this definitely surpasses my other cutting boards Nice heavy and thick cutting block. This cutting board is sturdy, well made and quite beautiful to look at. Good looking cutting boards, good enough to use as a serving board. My other cutting board doesn't do this, so it's definitely this block.
We own a set of All-Clad Copper Core cookware but decided this size pan would be handy to add to our collection. This All-Clad saucepan is Copper Clad cored and heats up very fast and when the flame is lowered it cools down very fast as well. The copper goes not only on the bottom but up the sides of the pan resulting in very even cooking. All-Clad is such wonderful cookware and the copper core adds exponentially -- I know, because my father was a mechanical engineer who, at one point in his life, worked for a cookware company and had a set of copper core pans made for my mom. Am slowly replacing all my old cookware with the all-clad copper core ones. All-Clad SS Copper Core box contained a Cuisinart sauce pan with All-Clad paperwork Previous order for same item came in an All-Clad box with a Chinese saucepan. We bought this pan to replace a Revere copper bottom pan that we wore out over aout 30 years of use. I have a collection of the All-Clad Copper Core cookware and it never disappoints.
