You have to know how to cook with stainless steel. Excellent set of stainless steel cookware. Heats very evenly, and the easy to grip handles stay cool. Great cookware for boiling water. Stove top and oven use. They cook so much faster than our others and more evenly. This set is terrible.
Very powerful for a cordless. Pros: GREAT suction on hard floors. not a reliable product. It also recharges quickly and is easy to see when it's recharged. I bought this vacuum to replace a handheld vacuum. The battery must be charged for three hours.
A great addition to your kitchen! I got that and more. The "stainless steel" top is easily scratched. There are less expensive models out there, but this one has some features that are not available on less expensive models.
Great, inexpensive Panini press that gets the job done. Makes the best sandwiches. It folds up nicely when not in use. I do like the adjustable height lock for sandwiches. It turn on when you plug it in. Plates are not detachable. This panini press is very hard to clean and the temperature cannot be adjusted. There is no on/off switch.
This toothbrush holder is awesome. At first I thought this was going to be way too big for what I was planning to use it for, but I installed it and after just a day or two it's perfect for the space. Not big enough to hold my electric toothbrush. It comes with a sticky adhesive to attach to wall! Plenty of space for toothbrushes and extra storage for toothpaste. At first I thought this was going to be way too big for what I was planning to use it for, but I installed it and after just a day or two it's perfect for the space. I found it more secure than sticking it to the wall. If you are a big fa!ily this is a must have.
All 3 works: microwave, convection and grill. We use this for all our convection and microwave cooking. Very good easy to use and not to hard to use It’s very fast cooking!
Love this stainless steel set. The handle and the lids heat up very quickly though unfortunately on a gas stove oven and can easily burn yourself if not careful. Could not be happier with them! Very impressed with the price point as well. I was sooo excited to get my hammered copper Lagostina cookware set. The cooking surfaces are a pain to clean. Could not be happier with them! However, I cooked in one of my skillet last night and the potatoes stuck so bad to the pan and the copper on the bottom discolored and scratched with this 1st use! I hand wash and hand dry, then store my pots immediately.
Extremely quiet and works great. Having double doors is a big plus. Ordered the stainless steel but received the black one. Runs quietly, cooled down quickly, and so far, the freeze has no sign of 'icing up'. Sits just a few inches above his desk and he has all the space needed for his ice and handle of rum in the freezer and sodas in the refrigerator. The temperature control is consistent.
It is one of the best products I have purchased. Very soft, quiet and high quality. Completely waterproof. Purchased for a bed with a memory foam topper. Slept on just a few nights. These covers are life-saver.
Great table, sturdy and easy to assemble. Very Well Built Table... Looks like the Picture! Good for the price. Hardware to assemble shelves comes in a small plastic bag attached to the shipping box at one corner (inside) via a string and can be overlooked or perhaps lost. Not what it appears: Only the top shelf measures 26" x 15" The other shelves are 25 1/4" wide by 12" deep When you account for the frames, your usable space is 21" x 12". This table is gorgeous.
The Casper king bed is supportive yet soft enough to cradle the body without sinking into the bed. We both love it and recommend this mattress to anybody of any preference. We read several reviews and decided to give Casper a Try. The mattress is also thin and is not the 10 inches or so as described. Probably one of the best mattresses that I have ever bought. The layer of latex memory fome is the star. Which is what I should have done to begin with- buy a cheaper traditional mattress and then a 4 inch memory foam topper for $150. In all fairness part of the warmth problem is because we use a mattress cover that encases the entire mattress. You won't be disappointed! The lack of edge support on the bed leaves 6 inches on each side impossible to use.
That's is really a good deep fryer u will buy.. That line is the capacity of the bottom tank. Love the filtration system for cleaning oil. Everything but the heating element and the stand can go in the dishwasher! Initially, I perceived the frying area to be a bit small, boy was I wrong!
We've had the Breville Panini Press for over a year now and it's a great little appliance. The fact that the trays are not removable has not been an issue because they easily wipe clean. Cord wraps underneath. Even the melted cheese came off. After 30 minutes, the "Ready" light still hadn't come on. The reason for the lower rating, the plates are not removable for cleaning. One note: There is no on/off switch. Temperature control is by observation.
Has plenty of storage space underneath the bed as well. Easy and quick Noise free . I bought this because it was advertised as having a 5 year warranty but the seller refuses to respond. Attached a headboard to it. Love the storage up under the bed. Said holds up to 1500lbs. Currently using with a 6" foam mattress and when you lay down, it does not seep through the slats.
The brew basket has a serious design flaw. This machine makes a cup of coffee in 5 minutes. The thermal carafe keeps coffee warm for a couple of hours. The lids for the water and filter aren't hinged and are clumsy to deal with. You can taste the difference. Nothing special about the coffee, temperature or experience. Lots of steps from preheating carafe, grinding beans, fill with water, assemble carafe fro brewing,..
It really is an IRON despite comments that it works as a steamer. It heats up and cools down quickly. I only use distilled water in it.
Love the locking lid for transportation! Love the timer feature and how it automatically switches to warm when time is up. Love this crockpot, very easy to use and easy to transport to friends This thing cooks too hot. Used it a handful of times.
Great quality and sturdy. this is good for a small office break room if you want a complicated microwave with different power levels, popcorn buttons, vegetable sensors this is not for you. I have purchased 6 of these for a program that uses them everyday for about an hour. This microwave oven will last as its construction is solid. It's big enough for a large dinner plate or medium serving dish and heats food evenly. Did not work properly . This item is used multiple times daily.
The strange looking vacuum head gets around corners and tight places. I really like this vacuum for how compact it is and the shape of the vacuum which is unique (v shape). Easy to maneuver around furniture legs too. Power cord holders are small and flimsy. Even great for picking up cat litter. Every time I use this vacuum I think, "I need to write a review." This vacuum is amazing.
Not for small cherries (5/8” and smaller). Comfortable to use and easy to clean. There is no guard preventing juice from splattering everywhere. It's comfortable in your hand and works perfectly. Still, the quality of the materials used in the making of it seem a little cheap. Latch holds it closed for storage. Does NOT pit olives. It does not take excessive hand strength to operate.
I love how these lifters don't look bulky, so you won't notice them. You can try them. Easy to use, bed is very sturdy on these risers! Just don't buy these risers if you want them to, you know - hold your bed up.
This is a great machine at an affordable price. I really like the sleek design. Uses regular ground coffee, not K-cups, and has a two layers of screen, so no need to buy filters. Use the bold setting for better flavor. This coffee maker does not brew hot enough to make a great cup of coffee.
It holds a lot of rice. it say 20 cups but really 4 cups of cooked rice fills it to the rim. The nonstick inner pot has held up well, we regularly use it to store excess rice directly in the fridge, which then gets used for yummy fried rice the next day. Rice cooked perfectly. What I have cooked so far: white rice, brown rice, steamed broccoli. I haven't tried the delayed timer yet. Very disappointed, writing this review after using this for 3 months, tried different quantity of rice and water, all as recommended, even with reduced quantity. Easy to clean. Patches of wet rice from water dripping back down from moisture build up.
This dustpan comes with a comb on the front. Extends to full size. Broom was awesome at first and now it doesn't lock open. The dustpan is fantastic! Why can't they change the shape of the handle for these types of brooms? I bought one for myself two days prior and I absolutely loved it. This has worked well for me. This set is great.
This is a great mattress pad for the money. Mattress pad is lovely. Perfect fit. Stays in place. Fits beautifully and was pleased that it could be washed in hot water. Way too thin.
The coffee stayed hot. Not good for brewing hot beverages. Love the pouring switch. Other models I've used don't allow lid removal due to height. I had about 30 people in my home and used the Hamilton Beach station for the first time to serve coffee.
great price for a lovely piece of furniture. It came in good shape and it is solid wood. Very easy to assemble. It can hold a 55” TV and you won’t feel like it will crumble on you.
Great big fan that moves plenty of air. One of the best! Sturdy and it looks nice. The air circulates well. Fan head is kind of loosely-goosey when tilted back, but all in all an excellent fan. Also, the base is amazing. I was looking for a loud fan, odd request you may think but I like fan noise when I sleep. It doesn't do anything fancy.
This is a great little dehumidifier for my small camper. Love the dehumidifier, works very well and does the job I expected! Easy to use. Takes about 2 days to even get half full and the auto shutoff makes it worry free. Perfect for small rooms.
These are also much smaller than a standard ice cube tray. Also, the lid that come with them to make it spill resistant does not stay on at all. 3 trays is a must bc the ice is smaller. Soft bottom makes it easy to pop out Not so and they are very small ice cubes when you do get them out.
Use the plastic utensil that comes with it, no metal. This pan is AMAZING!!! Crispy edges, chewy middle. One family-sized box of brownie mix fit just right. This is the perfect brownie baker!!! by volume that is also of crust consistency. High quality product at a great price.
Stainless steel and easy to clean. Made from actual stainless steel, not a coating. Nice size, I can put 2 dozen cookies on this rack to cool. This rack is awesome.
LOVED this kettle! Comes with metallic ring for electric stoves. PROS: - NO plastic parts. I love the look of it. Pro: It does boiled the water. - Handle swivels in a useful way. Pro: It does boiled the water. The excess pressure escapes through the spout of the kettle. Even the lid is glass.
There are extra pieces in case you want to transform the bunk bed into 2 beds. Fit perfectly under my grandchildren's metal tube frame bunk bed. Good clearance from bottom to top bunk for adult to sit. I needed a twin over queen bunk in a modern style, and I believe it does not exist. I needed a twin over queen bunk in a modern style, and I believe it does not exist. Very sturdy.
Now, it won't produce more than about 2 cups at a time. Great all in one machine! Have had absolutely no problems using a variety of K-cups. It is a perfect 2 in 1 machine! The single brew side is the most horrible design ever.
Perfect in every way. It's a dream! Plenty of drying space, I haven't used all of the drawers at once. Dehydrates food very well. Buyer beware that this item is non-returnable. This just arrived today and to my horror the shelves inside are plastic and do not fit in their alloted slots!!!!! Buyer beware that this item is non-returnable.
This portable aircon at 9,000 btu has been absolutely great. This is a fantastic piece of kit. This is an amazing air conditioner!! The exhaust pipe should a) be insulated and b) be longer.
Well made. Easy to clean. Purchased a separate 3/8" tube for around $20. It’s a well built, solid unit with steel gears - not plastic like others. It’s a well built, solid unit with steel gears - not plastic like others. LEM should provide stainless steel tubes instead. It also comes with two C-clamps to secure the stuffer to your surface of choice, so you’re ready to go as soon as you get it! I was using my grinder to stuff my Sausage, but it blends the Meat & Fat together into a Paste. The stuffing cylinder and push plate are easily removed from the unit for easy cleaning. The only feature that would be nice to have is a 2nd gearing for the crank handle..
This product di a great job of restoring my hardwood oak flooring to a like new finish. Just one application too! Worked well! The floors are beautiful. It’s a good product. Hardwood only.
These salt and pepper grinders are great in looks, size and easy to use. Excellent quality! Sturdy, easy to use and make grinding a pleasure. Multiple coarseness settings. Easy to use and are very good quality. The grinding mechanism stop working. The stainless steel looks beautiful and it definitely screams high end. Easy to keep clean. Easy to use.
Great shelves at a good price. Great value for the price Love that it requires no tools! (Feels a little less sturdy if heavy items are put on top shelf.)
This decanter is awesome. I wish I'd bought this the first time. I wish I'd bought this the first time. I wish I'd bought this the first time. It is really large, though-could probably hold a magnum. My only issue would be is pouring the last remaining wine.
We love the memory foam mattress!!!! The 12 inches of foam feels like a totally normal mattress. It does not look cheaply made. It's cool and comfortable. A perfect mattress and two pillows. When I would sit down on the edge of the bed, I would squish it down about half way.
If you need lots of steam this is your iron! Plumes of steam reaching up to the ceiling! A good iron over all. Wonderful iron, makes quick work of ironing clothes, excellent temperature control, would recommend. The illuminated fabric settings are very helpful in determining whether the appropriate temperature has been reached. More steam than any other we have used. The automatic steam capability helps remove all wrinkles effortlessly. Iron is defective.
Having the tracker has saved space and time. LOVE IT! I like this because it holds up to 54 cans. First in first out! Easy to assemble, sturdy plastic. Cans can be seen and know how much of each you have. They will not roll down to the bottom back.
Really, a great set with a great price. Utensils are perfect. The lids have holes for releasing steam. Great selection of high quality pans and lids for the price with an effective non-stick surface. They are easy to clean. If you're looking for a simple/ inexpensive but decent cookware set, go for it! The Cook N Home set holds up to the heat!
Our new Brieftons Spitalizer is easy to use, creates fabulous salad and dinner options that are healthy! Easy to use and variety of slicing options. The storage caddy for the blades is a great addition. This is taking some time to get use to and trial and error. Easy to use. I made beet salad (1 beet, 1 apple, 1 red onion), I spiralized sweet potatoes and onion to roast, I made cucumber salad (1 cucumber, 1 red onion, 1 big tomato) even the tomato was easy to slice. Also the blades aren’t alligned with the moving part which is suppose to hold the vegetable.
I love these insulated glasses. Dishwasher safe. Since they're doubled walled they feel sturdy. They are very lightweight. They are very elegant. Glass has a nipple on the bottom which causes it to wobble. These glasses do not last.
This bamboo butcher block is EXACTLY what I was wanting. Solid, sturdy butcher block. Organic Bamboo cutting boards are lovely. Good looking cutting boards, good enough to use as a serving board. However, I would have expected a better finish on this block.
Very expensive cookware, but if you do a lot of cooking, it's worth the price. Heats fast, heats even, is easy to clean and you don't have to worry about scratching any "non-stick" cooking surface. Thank you for a quality product. The pan is all it is supposed to be and all that the company claims it to be.
