I have seen many other reviews describing rusting or hard to clean and these comments in my mind are unaware how to use/clean stainless steel pots and pans.	A listing on Amazon would have helped.	Toss them in the dishwasher, use any utensil you want.	They were well worth the money spent!	These pieces are heavy !	Upgraded to these and very happy!	Not only is this set very stylish and aesthetically appealing, it also
It falls apart constantly.	I also bought the hand vac model with the same battery.	Price is steep but after my frustration wit $400.	When did appliances become so disposable?	It easy to empty without getting your hands dirty.	I loved it at first but the third time I used it the suction stopped working.	We got it for quick clean ups in the kitchen.	Battery lasts long enough to get at least two or
I’ve used this for multiple dinners now and each time it’s taken me just minutes to clean it and put it away.	We love this product and use it weekly.	Clean up was fast and efficient with plates being easy to take off and put back on.	Bacon, steak, pancakes burgers ... I’ve tried lots of things to cook in it ... and it all comes out good!	Bought this second one for my rental
But it works perfectly and you can just wipe it down with a wet cloth and it’s good to go.	This product is a life saver.	It has no temperature control.	LOVE IT!	Also love how easy it is to clean.	Good panini press... only wish they put a on/off switch on it instead of plugging and unplugging constantly.	Like it a lot .	It makes sandwiches SO delicious, we choose that over going out
Totally happy with the purchase and helps me keep my bath room organized.	Kids like it.	Has not fallen down since.	The design is just awesome and holds so many things while keeping your toothbrush covered but allows it to dry.	It holds all of our toothbrushes and toothpaste and the little cups are super handy; I really like that they keep the toothbrushes from getting dusty as we roll down the road!	It also
The microwave still was working well.	LOVE IT!	Don't waste your money on an Emerson product.	This oven also has a conventional heating component and came with a metal grill accessory.	Shipped it back.	This is my second microwave (EXACT ONE) and I really love this product.	I love the microwave a lot!	Cooks very well.	Seems like it would splatter all over the oven...	As a microwave oven, it would do anything a microwave
Have had mine for months now and adore it!!	Seems to be a great value for the money.	I still use them everyday.	Once understood, it's a lovely addition to my kitchen.	I gave them to my daughter as a housewarming gift.	they're beautiful to look at!!	The copper darkens a bit during cooking, but it comes right back with a quick swipe of copper cream.	So far, I like them....nice weight to them a
Also looks great for a corporate office setting	This has proven to be a good purchase.	It holds a very good temperature.	This mini-fridge is quite large inside.	Keeps my drinks cold and what little food I have in there is cold.	Even on high it only will keep frozen what was already frozen.	Stays super cold, drinks are perfect and freezer is amazing too.	It has a nice sized freezer and plenty of space
I have one for my bed and my kids beds.	soft to the touch, fits nicely on a Tuft&Needle Queen.	The great thing about this protector is that it is waterproof.	You won't even know it's on.	Rec'd the sheets and it is just as comfortable.......The ONLY problem is getting OUT of the bed!!!!!!!!!!!!	It has high-quality stretchy sides that allowed it to easily cover our extra-deep queen-size mattress.	I highly recommend this product!	We
I just put my two bookcases together over this past weekend and I love the look of them.	Either way, that kind of damage may indicate quality of item.	The outer box seemed fine but a corner was missing from one of the shelves, and I found the missing corner inside the box.	It has plenty of surface space for monitors, keyboard, mouse, joystick and other junk.	It looks great in my office at home.
It was like sleeping on a wooden floor.	This mattress has not sagged or changed its shape.	Seems like a high quality mattress.	Give it a couple of days for you to adjust and you won't be disappointed.	After 10+ years sleeping on a temerpedic mattress I was worried these would be too soft or mushy.	Oh my god the most comfortable bed I have ever had.	It was easier for me to order a
Not any more.	Came in the box was excited to use it but it didn't work.	The basket is great and helps me not burn myself from being clumsy.	Love how this one drains the oil and it is so easy to then wipe the debris off the bottom with a paper towel.	They need to fix that issue.	Plastic in general is is considered to release toxic gas when heated.	Very disappointing indeed.	Looking
The "lock" feature enables upright storage.	This appliance is easy to use and clean and fun to use.	After reading a lot of reviews of various panini makers, I chose the Breville and I'm glad I did.	it will forever change the way you make sandwiches.	Otherwise, it doesn't take long to heat up, sandwiches are nicely browned without using oil or butter, and the contents are hot.	The pizza tastes just as good as
Well it may be if you are single and do not have a robust bedroom life.	It slides on my concrete floor.	It does not shake or exhibit any instability.	I purchased this item in order to raise my bed a little higher.	Not sure it would do that for very long however.	Solid/Sturdy and no squeaking, weight limit is awesome.	Easy to assemble with included tool.	It almost appears that we may have gotten
i'm disappointed with the quality of the maker.	the only gripe I have with it is the price.	Needs constant tending to get best water distribution without overflow.	Excellent coffee maker.	Well, it's a great machine.	Main reason for keeping was the consistent brew.	but it is a very minor inconvenience for a great cup of coffee every morning.	Nothing special about the coffee, temperature or experience.	The fist cup was perfect but afterwards the
It sits on my quilt table next to my sewing machine and it is perfect for piecing!	Iron cord is around 54" long which is great!	And promptly returned it.	It is easy to pack and take along.	I doubt I'd want to use it for ironing a whole shirt or pair of pants, but it's been exactly what I needed for steam-pressing quilt blocks and doing quick touch-ups to my kids' clothes.	It is
Go figure, right?	Wouldn’t buy again.	This crock pot has served me well the last year or so, however there is one small issue.	You had to be back at a certain time to turn it to warm, so we exchanged it for this one.	How could I go wrong?	Perfect gift for this family on the go.	Absolutely the WORST Crock Pot I have ever owned and I have had many!	When you open
This was purchased to replace an old microwave in our break room at work.	H Richardson MD	If it lasts two years, like our most recent microwave, we will feel cheated.	Not worth the money for the duration.	Should be easier to use, less pressing of buttons especially for commercial use.	It has no weak motor turning a platter that gets dirty underneath.	It's another button that does the same.	Oh yea!!	Worth It I
Suction is good.	Air vent blows from front but is angled up.	Easy to assemble - comes in 3 pieces.	I have never been this mislead by amazon reviews!	I have been a swifter dry for a long time since they pick up so much, but this is easier and more efficient.	I highly recommend this product!	Now she has one also :).	It is NOT INTENDED for rugs or carpets, but it is light
It is easily cleaned.	I would definitely recommend this!	The splash guard is a definite plus.	Cleans up really good in dishwasher.	How I never had this cooking tool until age 40 is beyond me.	Perhaps a pit wasn't right in the center and when punched the seed was to the side in the cherry or got pushed into the meat elsewhere.	I have two of these (thought I lost one so I bought another)
Even though I've only had them for a few days, they are working perfectly.	If you have a king bed, you need six of these not four!!	Got them for college and they have held up my big, heavy, bulky bed all semester with no problem!	It took a couple of nights to get used to it, but this angle actually seems to help, and much more comfortable than those wedge-type pillows.	But also doing
VERY easy to clean though, which is great.	And of course, his favorite brand is Dunkin' Donuts.	He was impressed with the machine, ease of set-up, clean-up, and overall use.	This is my second one, I loved the first one so much!	Environmental friendly too, no plastic waste.	Hard to see inside too.	I actually returned mine thinking it was defective, but the replacement was the same.	Spend your money on a more reliable product!
No longer is my rice sacrificing itself for me only to end up burned and not fulfilling its duties.	I am an older cook I began to forget food on stove, which is not unusual as we age.	It does help greatly if you rinse you rice thoroughly until the water is clear.	I’ll set it and forget it to automatically keep it warm and even a while after it’s done cooking the rice is
Multiple was to stand or store.	I love it and it's so nice that the handle gets longer or shorter depending on our needs!	I'm down for anything that makes cleaning easier.	I received this broom and dustpan today.	The extendable broom doesn’t work at all.	The teeth in the dust pan work so well and the dust pan doesn't leave that line of dust behind.	Also, I would have liked a wider angle broom
This comes in great shape, washes well and holds up.	I would recommend this mattress pad.	It doesn't add a lot of cushion, but I didn't expect it to after reading reviews.	I'm using it on a bed for an Airbnb so will need to replace it fairly often, and it is good for that.	This mattress pad is great.	As soon as I opened it, I ironed it and put it on the bed.
MUCH better.	mess) every 20 minutes.	drip pan I bought is a big plus keeps down the mess	To the point that I worry about someone getting a contact burn.	The only thing I don't like is that the rubberized feet come out if they happen to stick to something.	Easy to use and clean.	Not a problem, just a helpful hint!	Great coffee maker!	It is used every day and seems to do the
The blue is like a pale navy or slate blue.	I have my own skincare line so I have a LOT of ingredients that I have had on a huge gnarly bakers rack in my kitchen.	Not this piece, it looks excellent next to my vintage furniture.	It would be better if the little drawers pulled out smoothly but I can overlook for the price.	When putting this together I found that the holes don't
As some reviewers have mentioned, it is a rather loud fan.	It's not heavy so I take it room to room with me on hot days.	Works very well to cool down a small room in little time.	Not true.	Great fan for the value.	**No tools needed to assemble it.	Not sure if she will be able to use it.	Does it move air?	On the downside (outside of the motor and cord) all
Would definitely recommend it!	& of course, it suggested a Dehumidifier!	That really helps!	It's the worst item I ever bought on Amazon.	I used it in my bathroom and turn it on every night after shower to reduce moisture from the towel and from the bathroom.	So, I don't leave it on for hours at a time.	Also, there's been no unpleasant odor since I plugged it in.	Here in the Midwest, it's pretty
I like the cover to keep the smell out.	I bought several sets and use for frozen lemonade, juices, fruit purée.	Who would have thought that I would need directions to operate an ice cube tray!	Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece!	I had one tray left of the three, because they broke.	Keep in mind these are small and it takes a lot to
It's definitely worth the buy.	I got the pan yesterday and couldn't wait to use it!	Makes great dual edge brownies.	No more hard, burnt edges with gooey centers.	Whoever invented it should be inducted to the Baking Hall of Fame.	From brownies and cakes to casseroles, Baker’s Edge does it all.	Maybe I used the wrong butter but overall a good pan to have as a kitchen tool.	I have wanted this pan for
And I used it to bake my chicken thighs at high heat and the rack delivered its promise.	If you pair it with a half-sheet pan, it works perfectly	It arrived on time and will be very useful when I need a cooling rack for when I'm baking.	(I bake 4-6 loaves of a dense fruit n nut oatmeal bread at a time and this large rack can cool all 6)	I am very happy
I really wish the "made in Taiwan" sticker was on the box, not the glass.	The spout does look kinda delicate so I would be careful not to bump it.	Bonus that this is easy to clean and see though.	This is a nice little kettle.	very well made and will work well	Comes with metallic ring for electric stoves.	I know for certain that it is clean and ready for use.	After a few
Works very well for kids and takes up minimal space.	But the other side is fine.	My 10 year old granddaughter never felt save on it.	I even chose not to attach the side brackets and it still works great.	The ladder is unusable.	Wouldn’t buy again.	Took 3 hrs with 2 crazy kids plus making dinner to put together.	Sturdy enough for 4 year old to grow into and stay in as he gets
There have been absolutely no problems with the single serve side, using K cups or the basket and capsule, using my owns grounds.	The first time I used it I thought that it was great since I could use my kcups, I loved that feature and that seemed to work flawlessly.	This is the third one we tried and they are all the same, one was even worst.	Also has strength selector.	just a pain
Adjustable temperature also great.	Dries things out evenly.	I'm just happy that I order the larger model.	I am enjoying the Excalibur food dehydrator.	My last batch of jerky got super dried out and did not shut off when expected.	Easy to use and clean.	Jerky is a big win as well.	The only thing that I can say is a dislike ( which really has nothing to do with the machine) is that there
I bought it to replace an older aircon unit that I had for years.	The sleep mode doesn't do anything as far as I can tell.	I used it last summer and was very disappointed.	However nice cold air to cool the room.	It is extremely well made and of a good quality plastic.	However, I needed to buy an extension hose to move the unit further indoors.	A perfect air conditioner for cooling down
Must buy	This is much faster, much easier, and doesn't jam.	I highly recommend this product!	to expensive to return.	I got it and sent it back the very same day.	It works really well, I only had one minor issue that was easily resolved.	Would definitely recommend.	Stuffed sausage and pepper sticks.	Sausage stays chunky and isn't turned to mush or ground too fine after going through the grinder a second time.	I stuffed
I use it with the cleaner and have been very happy with the results.	Still need to do a few more coats but so far , huge improvement.	I have mopped a few times too and they kept the shine.	Leaves streaks on my hard wood floor !!	Not too hard to use either.	The finish lasts too!	Excellent job on my hardwood floors.	I have tried countless types of hardwood floor shiners, but this
One of them broker after two months of LIGHT use and with not grind anything.	Overall great product.	Very functional and pretty!	I would definitely recommend these for the price/quality ratio.	And yes I have cleaned it out.	And no more having to store my grinders on a dish because of loose salt and pepper falling out, really so much cleaner to store.	they have been very durable and look like the day we purchased
Needed it for light items such as books.	Was able to put it together without so much as a screwdriver.	Looks so cute behind my computers at work!	Glad I chose them!	I thought everything was very well thought out and it is a great product.	Very happy with this stand.	It not the strong shelf in the world but it does the work.	Helps add greenery in her tiny space.	I put it together
You may want to get a holder that can support the decanter upside-down while it dries.	It is both beautiful and effective.	No where in the product details does it indicate that it is not included.	Does it improve the taste?	Finally, it's handsome.	It really smooths out the wine as you go.	This is a perfect decanter, it has a classy and elegant look for any occasion!	But it's far easier to pour.	Very
It was mostly ripped off when it was delivered.	I am a very light sleeper and for the first time in my life, my husband can get out of bed without waking me!	We bought this mattress 7 months ago and I read lots of reviews prior to buying it and this was by far the best value!	A very comfy mattress.	We have been sleeping on it for just about a week and a
The water tank is large, etc.	Other than that I love the iron.	The iron may seem a bit heavy at first use, but I've gotten use to the weight of it after many uses.	I moved the iron for the picture so one could see the extent of the leakage.	I totally recommend the Rowena Steamforce iron.	Temperature setting only lights up to wool indicator.	It was returnable until like 7/31/19 and it broke
I like these a lot.	Works GREAT for condensed soup cans, veggie cans, mini mushroom cans and mini juice cans.	great product.	I plan on getting several more to connect together once I can save up for them!	The unit is pretty much as pictured and the cans fit and move pretty well only hanging up a few times.	I bought two and 1 and 1/2 fit in my largest cabinet.	LOVE IT!	Will be
All different sized pots and pans to choose from.	All the items are good with the exception of the pans the leaks fluid where the rivets are at the handle.	I just graduated so am populating my new kitchen with starter sets of everything.	I was so sad.	Pots and Pans are good.	Spend a little more on something that wont break within 3 months!	I feel like I will break the spatula if I
I highly recommend this product!	A spiralizer was featured in a cookbook and sounded like it would make cooking this way easier.	Haven't had a chance to find out what they think of it.	It does create a core when you do it, which is probably what they all do.	I used it with a zucchini and the noodles were delicious.	My family loved the vegetable noodles and I can't wait to some of the
I love them and all my guests see them and love them too.	This is our second purchase.	I would recommend it!	We like to quickly chill them in the fridge with ice and water and then serve cosmopolitans in them.	But have used them with cold and like them a lot.	They were given to me as a gift and I have to say they are now my favorite gift from Christmas.	This did
I was impressed .	I put it to use tonight.	I like the fact that there are 2 of them because my wife can use one and I can use the other at the same time.	I know this will work well as a chopping board.	I see these lasting me a very long time.	This bamboo butcher block is EXACTLY what I was wanting.	Other than that, it's okay!	I doubt these will break
So you can't nest this in the 2 qt.	Worth the investment if you like to cook.	I love All Clad - Made in America!!!	They are nice looking and will enjoy them for ever.In my life I cannot tell you how many different pots I have owned.	The pan costs a lot but it works great.	Also the handle is too long and uncomfortable for every day use.	They didn't disappoint.	It heats up
