This is a user friendly item and makes a fledging chef feel like a pro. Quality is excellant as expected from this brand and Amazon makes it affordable.
Powerful little machine. Does the job for a quick clean up. Use it for our summer house.
This is a great multi-purpose grill. Panni's, vegetables, pancakes, steaks and other meats cook up great on it. Cleanup is quick with the removable plates, and a quick wipe down of the rest of the unit should take care of any splatters. The biggest "problem" I have is cooking steaks and other meats, as they cook very quickly on this grill. Less than a minute can be the difference between rare and way over done.
We needed a simple well built and inexpensive Panini Press. This checked all the boxes. For the money it is a good buy! We enjoy using it to make pressed hot sandwiches. I even use it to make a quick grilled cheese or quesadilla by not pressing down to much.
LOVE this! It's perfect do us. Saves counter space and holds a good amount of stuff. However, be careful how much you put in. Ours crashed down in the middle of the night. It's now being reinforced by duct tape!
My son Loves it!!! A grill on the inside on cold winter nights! Perfect!! !
Looked at this at Macy's first. Order thru Amazon. As expected. Wife wanted to register. Registration is a bit confusing (Serial Number, Model number, not clear where to find}.
This fridge was badly needed by an elderly relative and was delivered directly to their house. Upon arrival, it was very, very clear the box had been opened previously and a huge amount of clear packing tape held things together. And the tape had yellowed meaning it probably sat in storage for quite some time. Unpacking the supposed new unit revealed some cosmetic damage. It had been dropped at some point. Whether it happened in transit or not, the fridge was poorly repacked and probably a return. I can’t say much more than it worked when I plugged it in. If it wasn’t needed so badly, I would have returned it.
This is a very good mattress cover. We bought it to protect an expensive pillow top mattress. We've washed it twice and it dries very quickly. It doesn't make any noise when you move around on it, and it does seem to keep liquids from getting thru to the mattress. Nice product!
I looked all over for this type of self. There was a certain brand ‘Home’ something, can’t remember who makes them,buy higher priced. I found that brand on Amazon and Jet-cheaper there. However, I found this brand and same concept and quality...cheaper. I bought two and it took 30 minutes for both-easy. I would buy again.
Super comfortable bed! I was a bit skeptical at first of all these "mattress in a box" options and didn't know how to pick one over another (wisely). While Casper is pricier than its competitors, I'm happy with my decision and believe it's in the quality and comfort of the product. I do admit that I was a bit sore/experiencing discomfort the first week or so, until my body adjusted. Would definitely recommend this to others!
The T-Fail fryer lasted about 8 months. I am a single person who did not use it much, but did so regularly. Several dinners of chicken wings and quite a few french fry sides. The oil leaks out of the tank continuously how and I can't use the fryer. Now I'm in the market for a new fryer, to replace this one. I don't plan to get another T-Fail. I gave it 2 stars, because it was nice while it lasted. Great ideas, horrible execution.
It smells of burnt plastic and i am unsatisfied with the paninis I have made.... My family likes it though, so, redeeming quality :)
Product is sturdy. Lots of underbid storage. Putting it together wasn't too difficult once you sort out the pieces.
Returned. I didn't read close enough when I ordered to realize that a $310 machine does not turn itself off after brewing. Plus there is not a timer so I can have coffee waiting when I awake. The manual says the water loses it's oxygen and makes the coffee taste poorly and it only takes 6 minutes. I invite the engineers to come spend those 6 minutes with me each morning. I think a redesign would only be 5 minutes away. ;-) I can pour water that is 200 degrees through a cone filter into a heated carafe myself. I just don't want to do that first thing every morning.
Love this little iron. I am using it more than I thought I would. Gets hot quickly and fits in my hand without cramping after hours of sewing.
Absolutely love this product best thing I've ever bought. The times makes dinner planning a breeze. Love the locks on the lid for transporting food. I've bought this for everyone in my family and recommend it to everyone I know. Love love love this!!! !
I bought this little microwave because it fit perfectly in the space allotted. It's big enough for a large dinner plate or medium serving dish and heats food evenly. It has good functionality and is easy to use. I'm very satisfied with this purchase!
OMG!!! I did NOT expect much from this little guy!! I have 3 DOGS! THREE!!! Dog hair drives me nuts and it's shedding season ahhhhh!!! To make matters worse, they shed at different times. Geez. This lil sucker is super lightweight and picked up every last hair! Even the hair on the arms of the couch! LOVE THIS THING!! !
Okay, OXO did it again! First of all a little caveat. I'm a retired chef who teaches culinary arts to high school level students at a Technical Skills Center. Second, I have a wife who has severe rheumatoid arthritis. I bought this primarily for her but know if/when needed, I'm taking this to work because it is so comfortable to use. I have been a converted OXO user for many years now. Many of the smaller tools in my life bag are OXO brand. I've also stocked several restaurants I have had a hand in opening with OXO tools, they work as advertised!
What I needed, packaged in a recyclable box and arrived promptly. They appear to be quite strong.
I've had this coffee maker for several years now. It's perfect for me as I'm the coffee drinker in my household so brewing a 6 cup pot of coffee doesn't make sense. Also, there is no environmentally-unfriendly waste that the k-cup brewers have. It brews the perfect, single cup of coffee to start my day. If I desire tea, it comes with a separate strainer that you can add your tea leaves into to brew a single cup of tea. It's also aesthetically pleasing on my kitchen counter with its brushed steel finish. If this broke down now, I would immediately have to buy another identical one as I wouldn't know how to survive without it.
This was more than I expected. While it is big I was able to get rid of three other appliances because it did all of their functions. I do get some burning of the rice on the bottom but it did not affect the taste and everything else was perfect. I ordered the cook book - learned a lot and found some great recipes.
When all else fails it's better than ever. Mostly because my dog leaves lots of stuffing all over the place. It works on carpeting.
Nice; fits my queen size pillow top mattress perfectly. It's not too thick and not too thin on top. I washed it the minute I got it with no problems. Beware: read the washing instructions, this has to be washed on a gentle cycle. Bearing this in mind it should last a long time.
Very good coffee maker , coffee stayed hot &very easy to clean
I received this in so-so condition. The packaging was not designed to protect the table during shipping. When I got it, it had tears in the cardboard and once I got it out, there were scratches on two different parts of it that laid right under the tears (box was huge). I ended up deciding it wasn't worth trying to repackage it and send it back, so I have a new hall table with scratches in it. It's sturdy and easy to put together, but they really need to rethink the packaging.
I just got 2 of these fans, used once and one already broken. I tried to adjust the height and the piece used to release the bar just split in half while I was turning it. It's made of plastic not metal! Why? Awful. The head piece ended up falling on my arms. I'm actually trying to tape or glue together because I need a fan. Ugh! Don't buy! I want my money back!! !
Works great, gets the job done. Small and compact, can put it almost anywhere. High humidity places you will probably have to replace it every day or every other day.
these are a break from the usual twisting and turning of a plastic tray. I'm not sure what the benefits are over any BPA free plastic tray because you must invest more time and energy to release the ice cubes from their pockets. popping them upwards can be difficult sometimes and definitely takes more time than twisting a plastic tray.
Bought this as a gift for my mom she liked it.
The baking rack arrived quickly. It fits my baking sheet perfectly. Last night's baked pork chops turned out perfect. Cleanup was easy (although I did spray a little olive oil on the rack before I used it). It is exactly what I wanted: stainless steel, well-made, oven-safe.
Even though it may be a little small it is perfect for four cups of tea. Looks great and heats up fast on my flat top electric range. It is hard to find a range top glass tea pot and this one was just what I was looking for.
Excellent product for the money. Our 3rd bedroom is tiny and this was an answer for our teenager! Now he sits at his desk under the bed and has plenty of room to talk with friends and family. (He's 6'2" by the way.) The bed is extremely stout and secure. I would order it again for sure!
Love having the options of full pot or cups. Without taking up room on the counter because it slender. Love the features. It beeps when the coffee is finished brewing and when the warming cycle ends. It’s tricky/challenging to pour the water. It’s splattered quite a bit using the K cups, but I fix that By swapping out the cup holder from my old Keurig... Little or no splatter now. It’s very well-made. Only negative is that it’s was a little pricey.
This is my first dehydrator so I dont have anything for comparison. This is obviously a well built device. I have used it constantly since I got it and have not had any problems.
This product arrived today without the window slider A and B.The box the air conditioner was in was soaked through, ripped and smelt disgusting. The address label was stuck to the bottom of the box so the product was delivered upside down.
Great for the home sausage maker. Works great and easy to clean.
Product works as stated but has to be applied all at once if floors continue at all otherwise it will leave streaks. If you have a lot of hard wood you will need a few bottles.
I love these. They are tough. I would get them again but I think they will last foreveer. I like that I can adjust the grind settings. Well worth it. Do your self a favor and try them.
Easy to topple, had to secure it to another shelving unit to keep it from falling. Very lite weight, easy to put together. It’s great for small nicknacks. I had got it to hold small plants in my very small apartment. Poor materials.
a GREAT decanter for the money...the lip combined with the large size makes a dripless pour impossible, but this is a very small problem compared to the overall value of this decanter. looks awesome, and quickly opens up wine.
So far so good. We have been sleeping on this for a week now and we are more rested with less back pain. Our old RV mattress was an innerspring and we had never owned a memory foam. My husband and I are both loving this mattress! So far our only complaint is we don't want to get out of bed :)
got this for my wife as our old iron died (also a rowenta). she quilts and sews a lot so uses an iron almost daily. bought this one due to the good reviews. so far she is very happy, and said it has some nice features her old rowenta didn't have. she's happy. i'm happy.
Works well for small and medium sized cans. I wanted to order additional parts, but the website on the product was hacked to a Russian site. If I am able to get dowels to allow this to accept large cans (Progresso, Campbells Chunky), then it's a 5 rating. On an odd note, an AirHead candy was included. Were they trying to say something?
Quality cookware. The turner did melt a little, but I shaved down the front and it still works fine. I have no complains on the cookware though, it's great!
I cannot begin to sing this gadgets praises! I love every attachment and have been using this regularly for a few months now. No issues with suction either - sticks to my solid surface like super glue. This is by far the best spiralizer I have ever purchased and is a great value!
My wife loved these and she is tough to please.
I put it to use tonight. Couldn't be happier. Don't have to worry about hurting it. Thanks.
Love everything about it. This was my first All-Clad purchase - and I'll be buying more All-Clad pieces soon! Such great heavy-duty quality. A work of art!
