The entire pan is tri clad and using this set on the glass-top stove is easy.	Heat the pan first, no higher than medium, put in oil/butter and boom, all is good.	Being able to put the pan in the oven was very important to me and this set fits the bill.	LOVE LOVE LOVE easy to use and clean the perfect size set for my extra small kitchen	The finish is great and comes
Cement basement, linoleum in kitchen, low pile rug in living room, this has made life a little easier and even the kids like to use.	The battery life on this is short, so plan on buying a backup battery so add another 50.00 to your purchase for the extra battery!	Thus a person who leaves the battery in the charger until they are ready to use it again, starts with a partially discharged battery.	But
Easy to clean, heats up quick and fits in the pantry shelf just like the old one.	After a year of light use, without ever scratching the surface it is time to replace the plates... the cost AMAZING USD 59 !!!	Nice grill, love the reversable/removable plates, however the release button on the top plate was broken right out of the box!	This product was purchased because the plates are removable and multi-useable (flat or
Easy to clean since the mess stays within the grill areas with side curbs.	There is a ridge all around the bottom grill that makes it hard to clean an difficult to remove ones sandwich.	There is a hook on the side to keep it closed when not in use and is easy to clean.	There is no temperature control, if one is not paying attention to it, food will burn very easy especially the
Was as described, finally got excess items off the bathroom vanity.	Kids love this, it covers the tops of the toothbrushes As well which protects from particles being sprayed by toilet flushing.	Stopped sticking.It should come with an extra sticker , other than that its ok.	There are plenty of room for more toothbrushes and the kids love the colors	It Looks nice but within a week it came out from the wall.	It worked
Grill function isnt the best but it functions notably different (and better for some applications) than a conventional microwave.	Very noisy oven (because the metal is too thin and lacking noise insulation).	The clear plastic over the buttons, On the start button only the clear plastic has peeled away.	Cheap, in 3 legs, the box is bent from transportation, but works.	Did not like that it smells like burning plastic and the outside gets way
He told us that this set has all the conduction of good copper pans and the ease of cleaning that the stainless steel or aluminum (not sure which) provides on the cooking surface.	Had spotting on the bottom of some pans out of the box.	At first glance the esthetics of these pans are impressive.	Possible inferior metal or improper storage at the manufacturer and/or distributor???	Arrived in excellent condition , even more beautiful than
Still working on fridge temp setting but it keeps drinks cold and freezer items frozen - Again, a Nice outdoor Fridge/Freezer Highly recommend this fridge ALOHA!	There are 6 tenements and the 2 fridges the land lord provides fills fast.	It came with a dented freezer door, as well as clearly not being stainless steel like the pictures (it has an uglier stucco texture.)	Not crazy about the shelving configuration inside and in the door
The skirt on this is very slippery and the best way to install it is to put it on one corner, then do the corner diagonally across.	LOVE LOVE LOVE this matress protector- make the occasioanl accidents easy to clean while completely protecting out matress.	T the reviews were all so good that we are giving it a try.	The price was fair, (unlike the store where we purchased our new bed, where they offered
The fit of everything was better than expected, with excellent stability throughout, helped by the very solid weight of the assembled product.	Very nice quality (black posts), color of the wood (purchased brown color) and it has a wonderful industrial-style look.	It has the wrought iron pillars, with real solid wood shelving (they are heavy, thick wood).	The board labeled "d" is cracked and one of the boards labeled "c" is broken.	The top is
The foams used are not evenly distributed in the mattress resulting in uneven corners and significant tilting.	It is a lot more firm than any other memory foam mattress we tried in stores, but the top layer is very soft.	At that point, we purchased the Casper.	We made the mistake of buying the Casper mattress.	We are both side sleepers and some of the reviews say it is too hard for side sleepers, but
the oil storage reservoir is ingenious, and is a great way to refrigerate clean oil, while being able to put everything else in the dishwasher (except for the actual heating element which can be rinsed off quickly with hot water).	Easy to clean and a better unit than the T-fal Roto Fryer and much easier to operate.	The only thing that would make it better is that there is nowhere to put the top after
The reheated pizza is better than the pizza in the pizzeria: the bottom is crispy and the top is hot and melted.	Since there is no ON /OFF switch on this unit a switched outlet eliminated the "plug in and out" issue.	Breville replaced the product for me promptly.	Easy to use, compact size but big enough to make two paninis at the same time.	Well made, complete surface heat at the same degree.	Was
(also the fast shipping) Bottom Line: Sturdy, easy to assemble and put away, and best of all the price is amazing for the quality!	Easy assembly, however the bed frame is bigger than a queen and it doesnt fit my queen sized headboard.	So easy to put together took 45 mins with the help of an 18 month old.	This bed frame is reasonably priced, attractive, extra sturdy, easy to put together (All of the
Was expecting a lot out of this coffee maker given the rave reviews everywhere online.	There really is a difference in the brew temp or other magic with these.	He thinks this is the best out there.	Many a reviewer has called this the best, believe them.	The coffee is great but the manufacturer DOES NOT RECOMMEND R.O.	Turns out that their 10 cup is the same as my old 8 cup.	The carafe is
The power cord is heavier than the steamer and pulled it off the counter when it hung down.	Note that there are other ones on Amazon but they were a little pricey and this item was very reasonably priced as nearly half the cost of the other ones.	There is no warning about this in the booklet that comes with the iron.	There were no signs that anything was wrong with the iron nor was
The only thing we do not like is that the warm mode is extremely warm, hot actually.	Easy to take to a party and love the automatic timer turning to warm!	Unfortunately straight out of the box we noticed the enamel is already scratched.	The new one is easy to use, and the timer is a great feature.	Cooks great and love the timer feature and it has a stay warm function too.	The latch
Heats foods near the back faster than items in the front near the door.	The door is wobbly and it came right out of the box like this.	Love the fact that food is warmed or cooked evenly without a turntable.	It has the option to save settings for certain foods (for quick 1 button heating) heats up evenly.	That is one month past the manufacturers warrantee.	When it arrived,...I was disapointed to see only
Easy to do but taking off the foot, which is where our clogs happen, takes a lot of pushing/maneuvering (I hold the stick and the white tab, then push the foot of the vacuum with my feet).	The rubber edge that catches the dirt makes it a bit clumsy to move around but, all in all, this Bissell is helpful.	For a fraction of the cost, this does a better job and is easier to
Great Cherry Pitter - good quality, easy to use, easy to clean and the splash guard makes less of a mess than those without.	Easy to use but after 10 cherries not one pit came through and got stuck the hole is too small for the seed to pass through would not buy again poor decision for purchase	Easy to use pitter but one still needs to be cautious to make sure the pit was
When my teen sits down "not so gently," the couch stays put instead of flying off the risers.	The middle part of it broke and no one was on the bed.	Perfect addition to the 6" risers when more height is needed, or alone if just 3" height is sufficient.	One of the legs recently broke on our dresser.	. . only downside is they look a bit big and clumsy for the application (no
Sturdy machine with two mesh filter system Coffee tastes great and is served hot So Easy to clean Love the large to go cup feature 2 Brew options give better control of coffee Tip.	Easy to clean, uses grounds and not kcups (less impact on the environment).	Apparently a non replaceable part had cracked so when brewing a cup all the water leaked out onto the counter.	read the instructions... not everyone is that smart
The reason why this thing is crap is because the warmer turns off too fast.	Pretty easy to clean (except some of the crevices in the lid) and it holds tons of food.	Love the easy clean up and cooks perfect rice or quinoa every time!	The cooking is precise and the buttons are easier to use than it looks... To keep it short, follow the instructions, baby the Teflon liner in the pot and
Easy to assemble and the dustpan can be fold to save space (which is so nice for me because my kitchen is always full of things)!	It has a "comb" (the red part on the pan) to remove hair from the brush, which is a very good idea, but it doesnt work very well and is awkward to use.	The bristles could be better quality but the design is really nice and easy to use.
Fits as discribed, the top is padded, the sides or skirt is very thin (see thru) elastic that snugs around the sides of the mattress.	Obviously the one fits tighter than the other, but the material along the sides is substantial, and the elastic hugs the bottom nicely.	This is a well made product that is manufactured in the USA.	It fit (stays in place); my mattress that is not one of the very thick,
Easy dispensing, steady temperature, easy to clean (important when the water is VERY hard).	Docking two stars because the nozzle drips and clogs from the grounds that spill over.	Pro: Water is hot Easy to dispense the water Con: The bottom is starting to corrode and particles come in to the water.	The concept is great (love the no-touch dispenser!0, but it is of no use to us if it is going to leak all
The wood top is about right but the paint color is way, way off.	The color (blue) is gorgeous and the look is stylish.	Plus the two holes for screws on the legs were not drilled on the cabinet piece.	The color is way darker than in the picture and one of the doors was cracked in half.	The top wood piece is damaged in several places and the side piece looks damaged as well.
Fairly easy to assemble with an exception of the face of the fan due to a cheaper plastic.	Pros: Lightweight, powerful, easy to assemble (other than the one con below).	The base is wide and stable, and the fan can be easily detached to make it easy to move to another location.	Easy ro assemble and clean but one thing that is the problem for me is the locks on the face of thr fan,
The problem with these kind of humidifiers is the surface that comes in contact with the air flow.	Brand new unit, fresh out of the box.	Put this little baby in and the problem is gone!	Keeps the camper smelling like new.	It definitely works and pulls moisture out of the air, but it is best for small spaces (closet, maybe a small bathroom).	For its size it has a rather large water holding cup,
These are a lot easier to use than the old fashioned plastic ice trays, the silicone makes it very easy to get them out and the covers area nice touch.	It is very easy to pop out the ice cubes from these trays.	Just like the title , it is easy to release the ice cubes from the tray.	Once frozen, the ice cubes popped right out of this Adoric Life 3-Pack Easy Release Silicon
The title says it all - this pan is awesome and makes the best chewy edge pieces.	The first batch of brownies in this amazing pan was called Brookies - brownie mix with chocolate chip cookie dough in the center.	Getting the browines out of the pan was even easier than a regualr square pan.	Unlike the perfect brownie pan, which is just stamped sheet metal with a cheap nonstick coating, this pan is heavy
Thicker than the rest, cleaning is tough but this is a problem with all mesh trays is best cleaned in a dishwasher.	The recipe called for putting the chicken on baking racks so the chicken would crisp on all sides.	Other cooling racks were not "cross-hatched" like these and the meat fell through.	Just rinse the big chunks off and throw it in the dishwasher.	This rack arrived with one of the metal grid pieces
When this happens, the spout of the kettle shoots out water.	Fagrile but works well and love the fact there are no plastic or metal parts.	(the photo shown on the amazon page is a black and white photo).	Never even came with the lid which is shown in picture.	My kettle arrived but the lid is shattered!	Bonus that this is easy to clean and see though.	It`s a 2-cup teapot, seemed bigger somehow
Not the sturdiest and also it hurts badly to use the ladder!	It did take us the better part of an afternoon to assemble, but really that is not too bad in my opinion.	The assembly instructions were easy to follow (just make sure the cross members are facing the right way).	Yes, there are a lot of pieces, but the instructions are solid and it took a little more than an hour to fully
The fact that this coffee maker does not keep the coffee hot is a huge deal.	As many of the previous reviews stated, this coffee machine leaked water all over the counter.	Love this maker except that the K-cup part leaks all over the counter from the back.	Support sent a new part, but not the part that was broken.	Love the carafe that keeps the pot of coffee warm without burning it.	The only
The best one out there and love the timer.	No problems with it at all.I would recommend it highly.	Love all of the features and how it evenly dries all of the goodies!	The only negative is that when we opened the box it was missing a liner.	Love the jerky and dried fruit.	The raisins had the same consistency and level of dehydration on each shelf.	Will wash all the trays again & give
Very good product, easy to set up and use, my only slight issue is that it is very heavy and was an issue to get it up the stairs	The machine is quiet and powerful and very impressed with it, has handles on the sides for easy moving.	The address label was stuck to the bottom of the box so the product was delivered upside down.	The product is compact and easy to use it
Easy to clean and the best feature is the material.	having control of the speed makes it easy to Just make great sausage.	It is easy to clean and the only meat left is a little bit in the tube, which is be expected.	The footpedal is a dream, the capacity is enormous, and the stainless steel so easy to clean.	The meat squishes out around the piston, still way better than trying to stuff
It makes the wood floor shines and looks new if the wood floor are not scratched, it does not really feels into the scratch.	Started leaking from the seam at the bottom, but they had double bagged it, so none of the the liquid was lost.	Then just dump this on the hardwoods and smooth it all out.	Bottle was cracked and all the liquid had spilled out.	Followed the directions and love the finish
The salt and pepper come out of the "top" of these grinders so that when they are sitting - nothing leaks.	They arrived looking significantly less glamorous than in the product photos (the black rubber knob is by far the dominant feature), and in damaged packaging (product undamaged, but the box was bent and torn, which was too bad, as these were a given as a gift).	The OXO emblem on the top of the
It was really easy to assemble, and is much more sturdy than expected - and it fit perfectly behind the door.	It was very easy to put together, and even though the materials are cheap (pvc pipe and particle board) it looks decent and seems sturdy.	While this item is great for a kids bedroom and is very easy to assemble, the VALUE is worth LESS than the $29 price.	It was easy to build,
Picture Falsely shows the Item with an Airator (SC) It is nothing bit a glass container.	and it seems like one tiny little tap chips the glass on the pouring edge.	This only includes the decanter base (ONLY 1 THING INCLUDED).	Has a more grande look in person than the picture lets off.	One problem though is the design of the decanter.	No where in the product details does it indicate that it is not
The mattress arrived and we quickly realized that it is not firm and the quality is no longer the same.	The only problem we are having is the odor.	:-)) Came with two free pillows, they were under the mattress when we rolled it out.	Mattress had no odor but the pillows had a strong chemical smell.	Upon opening it had the anticipated odor from the materials.	Our preference is the 15.5inch premier cool breeze,
If left plugged in makes an irritating random clicking noise nothing i saw in the instructions that say this is some type of alarm or anything.	To repair this requires taking the iron apart and replacing most of the upper body.	Rowenta provided another brand new iron and it leaked water as well, from the exact same spot (not the soleplate).	i called the manufacturer, and was advised that this is the way it is.
The force needed to insert the pegs is greater than the pressure required to break the brackets.	The instructions need to specify as to pushing the dowels in until they click, other than that is was OK.	Only problem is it was a bit of a pain to put together, just with all the pegs, and the plastic does have quite a bit of flex to it, so be careful when trying to move it
Love everything about this, soft handles, cooks well and evenly, believe the reviews, its a lot of good cookware for the money.	very nice quality cookware and come at a great price i love the non stick surface only bad thing is that 3 of my pans are dented so my lids are useless but i think it was the shipping company that did this i recommend that you put fragile on your boxes not
Easy to assemble, sturdy, actually spiralized better than the electric Aicok model with less effort and clean-up was good.	It was easy to use and worked well other than the spikes that hold the food in place started breaking off with first use.	It stays sturdily suctioned to the countertop, the blades are easy to change, and it cleans well.	Very nice, not afraid of cutting myself on the blades and easy for a Senior
The way these are made they have a hole in the bottom that is plugged.	Love that these glasses keep the coffee from getting cold.	The smooth edge on the top of the glass is much more pleasant on your lips than a traditional wine glass.	Loved these glasses, however, one glass broke on the top rack of the dishwasher when it says dishwasher safe.	Just had one have the inner bottom crack and drop
Suggest following the oiling instructions as it does look and feel better as it ages.	Either they sent a product with a poor surface, or maybe the manufacturer should provide an front-facing photo.	The boards do not lie flat on the counter top - it rocks back and forth a bit (e.g., top corner of one end and the bottom corner on the opposite end).	This cutting board is BIG and HEAVY duty however there
This pan is extremely well designed and very attractive pan that heats evenly and works quite well on our new induction range.	The most expensive, too, but this pan cooks well, looks and feel great.	All-Clad SS Copper Core box contained a Cuisinart sauce pan with All-Clad paperwork Previous order for same item came in an All-Clad box with a Chinese saucepan.	Simply the very best for sauces, simmers, and even quick boils for vegs.
