I love Roku I own two now. Easy to set up and use. Now I can take it anywhere.
While I admit I don't use the smart features all that much, the picture quality is 2nd to none. Had the TV for a year and 2 months and its still running great. Sound is very good for a TV. The TV remote is okay, but we use our cable remote mostly. I bought the 75". You can't go wrong with this TV.
Bose over-ear noise-cancelling headphones work great. For some reason, these in-ear noise-cancelling headphones make me very dizzy, to the point that I cannot use them at all.
I waited four generations of Intel i7 CPUs to upgrade and it was so worth it! I didn't bother to get the unlocked version of this CPU because I don't overclock and I am still so impressed with this CPU. I use Handbrake to transcode video and this is so much faster than my i7 3770S. I will have this CPU running for many hours at 100% load and there are no issues using the stock CPU cooler. I can even browse the wed while this CPU is at full load. I couldn't do this with my 3770S.
We love this Canon 5D Mark IV Camera. We have the 5D Mark IIi and the 5D and the pictures from these two cameras do not compare to the quality of the pictures from this camera. Have not tried the video yet but will soon. We wondered if the step up would be worth it and it was.
I love this monitor. It's easy to use, just plug into laptop and use as additional screen. I use as a third screen when needed. Works well if you are in any training away from your desk. 6.8.18- I've had this monitor for while now. It's gone with me on all business trips and I use as second monitor in hotel room when needed. Travels well and is easy to use. First picture is monitor plugged into laptop and other pictures are the monitor itself. This monitor has no power cord. Once plugged into any USB port, monitor comes on.
Amazing tv. The picture quality is excellent and the tv was very easy to install and use. I have had no issues with the tv since purchase and I highly recommend the toshiba fire tv to anyone looking for a 4K Tv at a great price.
Great radio for the price. Works works great with Apple car play
Love my slingbox, can watch tv and my dvr recordings anywhere. Easy to setup. My box you can only use Component all around, so you make sure you are using component from box to sling then sling to tv so you can also watch TV. Update - Today I open my slingbox and what do you know banners at the bottom of the screen,, I hate them. I am warning users that they will soon be bombarded with ads via the slingplayer. As if we don't have enough commercials to watch, or listen on the radio. Now this???? come one. I will no longer buy or upgrade any slingbox products.
What a great lens! Just bought this for my Canon 6Ti and it is incredible lens for the price. Use it now more then any other lens.
These are comfortable headphones that look and sound great. Love them.
This is my second Chromebook. I purchased the Toshiba 2 Chromebook which is quite similar but this trumps it in all build quality. The Toshiba laptop is great and would recommend as well. But for same price its better to get the Acer Chromebook 14, Aluminum. If you are thinking of getting a Google Chromebook this is the laptop to purchase. Five Stars!
I purchased the Arlo Q Plus wired camera after owning other brands wireless camera. The audio and motion detection work amazing well. The 1080p picture is great and the 180 degree field of view makes it so I can see my entire room. I like that I can plug the camera directly into my Ethernet, and I can expand my home security system with more Arlo cameras. The Arlo app works great, and I could add my wife as a user to my Arlo account so she can use the app on her phone too.
Love this TV, my first 4k tv and couldn't have been happier. Amazing picture! Also my first Sony TV, I usually stick with Samsung but the reviews of this TV everywhere swung me.
Love this camera... Great pictures and very easy to use
Amazing sound from this Bose speaker. Love it... take it with me everywhere!
These headphones exceeded my expectations. Ihad a pair of beats over ear headphones and after while they hurt my ears. Sound quality was good but not in class with these headphones. I would recommend them to anyone looking for high quality headphones
Works great. Compact. Looks nice. A+ quality USB hub like everything from Anker.
It works as a 2 TB hard drive for the Xbox. I have had it for the Xbox One for about or over a year now with no issues getting it plugged in and working, and to store all my games. Well worth the money if you need more space on your Xbox.
this camera takes the best pictures and is very easy to use
I love my new camera, its perfect. Best buy ever! (Those are the pictures I tooke with the camera)
I used this stand for about 4 months and finally gave up on it. It looks nice and the headphones (K7XXs) look great on it. The main problem I had with them is that whenever I picked up the headphones the stand would come with them. I would then have to remove the stand from the headphones. I lived with it for a while, but it became too much of a pain to deal with, and I now use the hook style headphone stand.
I ordered this router on Amazon. After reading all the reviews and trying two different Linksys, I thought D Link was the one to be tried. When i received this router, I noticed that the router was already used by someone else as there was a a wireless with SSID already setup. I had to return the router and re order a new one. And then it was easy to set up and haven't had any problems with the router so far.
Overall great design, BIOS is user friendly and just easy to use for overclocking CPU and RAM. Was able to overclock the RAM to 3000Mhz with just a few clocks and tweaking the DRAM voltage a little. Came Ryzen 2 ready on BIOS version 4011! Newest BIOS version is 4024 for ASUS B350 board, but 4011 works just fine. Worked right out of the box after replacing my wifes old AM3+ FX build. At first I went with a ASRock B450 Pro board, but it was D.O.A, so I RMA the board and got this instead. Stick with ASUS, MSI, or Gigabyte for motherboards. Never had an issue with them. Cons: None.
Scanner is fast to set up and fast scanning! Easy to use.
I love this keyboard! I've been suffering from shoulder pain for several months because of sitting hunched over a keyboard for 8 hours a day. With thi keyboard I can keep my shoulders back, and feel much more comfortable at the end of the day. I was worried it would take time to adjust to the keyboard being split and angled, but after just a few minutes of typing it felt perfectly natural! Definitely recommend getting the accessory kit to go along with it that provides the tilt wedges and palm rests.
I love this case. It fits all of my switch stuff and it fits my switch in a case too. It's a well made heavy duty case that will work really good for me.
I purchased this CPU for my 2nd Gaming PC build and I love it! It's a great gaming CPU for the price. I currently have it overclocked at 4.0 Ghz with no issues whatsoever. Do make sure to get a CPU cooling fan with heatsink - I used the AMD Wraith Max CPU cooling fan and it works very well.
Good,not as easy to focus as other small binoculars I have.
This is the best car GPS I have used. I've used it in the US, France and Iceland and had no problems loading the maps I want via Wifi. I always save addresses for traveling in Google Maps. Now I copy and paste them into my TomTom MyDrive account and they are automatically added to the GPS. The interface is easy to use and routing is very good. I connect it to my phone via bluetooth while driving for live traffic updates. It does take several hours to upload maps due to the size, but it's all done via wifi so not a big deal.
Very good light meter with great accuracy. Also great value for the money.
This camera is excellentI am so happy with this camera. I bought it for my husband. He's a point and shoot kind of a camera guy. And the photos it it takes our superior we are both so happy it is a go to camera
the radio is a great little radio. the only difficulty is programming the radio.
This is a great hard drive. I just purchased a Mac Pro and used this hard drive as my full backup and I am glad that I did. By saving everything on the hard drive I will guarantee that my computer will run fast and I will have enough storage for photos for years!
I have tried several other wireless earbuds from $30.00 to $300.00. This have the best sound, stay in your ears, connect to my phone and watch easy. The sound is not as good as over the ear headphones but for the size they are good. The battery life is good, never had an issue with headphones running out of battery. The controls are easy, you can use either bud or both buds. The case is large but that is good and bad, the large case fits the earbuds and gives extra battery life, but is hard to fit in pants pockets.
Great camera. manual controls are awsome, Focus is fast with lots of great manual focus tools so you can use your old cameras manual focus lenses. The fuji XT-1 makes photography fun again, the first digital camera that bring back the passion of photography. Good in low light, very good easy to access manual controls. Fuji is always updating the firmware making a great camera even better. The 32,000 electronic shutter speed is very useful. This is a Cannon or Nikon DSLR killer. Fare lighting and smaller. has incredibly great out of camera JPG and RAW imagery. All the Fuji XF glass has awesome IQ, including the lense that comes with the camera, no junk lenses.
great TV for the money. Picture is great, sound is great and the smart tv options are great, except it doesn't allow you to go to the internet directly. You can only use the features in the smart tv menu. So no surfing online. But other than that, it really is a good tv for the value.
great camera its what I would expect from Pentax if your looking for a rugged camera
Very good router. Much better than my old N router.
The bag matches the product description. It is durable and the materials seem very tough. The snaps make it easier to close the bag, especially for people with arthritis. When empty, the bag is fold-able and could be added to a suitcase or larger bag. It will make a great carry-on bag or an every-day bag for hauling "stuff." My only concern is that I bought the large size and it seems smaller than I expected. Otherwise, it is a great bag.
The speakers sound great in the room I put them in
Nice laptop, fast, quiet and a great laptop to use!
This thing works great! Works with alexa. And has a smart app that you can power on and off while your not home. Pretty cool power strip.
An Excellent computer monitor for the value, with limited controls. I wish it had a better software to calibrate colors. As a TV, the best you can get in the market place. There is no other 4k TV at this price point. To bad that one cannot truly test the 4K capabilities due to limited content. The sound quality is subpar. It can use external speakers to enhance the experience. Bottom line, it delivered on what was promised--4K computer monitor and no frill 1080p tv.
garphics are good but not for gaming . my other acer has intel garphics but windows 10 would not load the driver right. this acer works good all the drivers work. For price you get a good computer
The printer is a replacement for HP all in one printer. Until this printer we have traditionally purchased HP printers, but we have had problems with them. This printer prints very fast but it is kind of noisy...not really a factor. We have had the printer for about 4 months I just recently replaced the black cartridge with the larger one available for the printer. The color cartridges are kind of small, I don't think the larger color cartridges fit in this printer. We have been happy with this printer so far.
This has worked great on my laptop that does not have a built in dvd drive. I'm able to watch DVD's and burn CD's and DVD's with this drive. I love it and would recommend it to anyone that is looking to add a DVD drive to their laptop. It also works with desktops as well
I purchased the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2) as a replacement for the Comcast/Xfinity modem/router I was paying $15 a month to use for internet and wifi. I am pleased to say that the installation of this modem/router was so simple both at home as well as with Comcast and my wifi/router experience is so much better than what I had with the Comcast/Xfinity unit. I highly recommend this as a simple alternative to the $15 a month you may be paying for a modem rental from your own ISP.
Great Product overall I love this speaker great sound awesome bass
Needed to replace my sub in our small living room (10x10). This sub puts out great sound given its size and Amazon's price is the best I could find anywhere.
