I'm Planing in getting another one for my living room TV!! For some reason it ’ s Onlt for Netflix. Works great!!! You will need an extra Roku for each TV. Easy to install. We cut the Cable & strictly stream. Easy to set up. And now I have Netflix on my non smart TV. Love Roku ... Great streaming device. Turned an old Hdtv into a smart TV. Can use it for Amazon prime and Netflix. I love the Roku. This is our second Roku.
Had questions. So much for that...very disappointing, as it was an awesome TV right up to that point. Big and incredibly beautiful. My 7 year old Samsung was a better TV! Great TV. I am very happy with the TV. That also means the TV remote could be used instead of their Remotes. Apple TV built in. Bought the 65 ” ..... very happy with this TV. Great picture. The picture is awesome. I love this TV. The TV was delivered on the date that I picked. We love it - the picture is so clear, bright, with vivid colors.
They block out most of the noise. They are comfortable, easy to store, and the battery life is good. Very comfortable in the ear. Personally, I like the ear buds. This is my second pair. Sound quality is excellent. I have used them on the plane and the noise level was very low. C'mon Bose, you can do better than that. The noise cancelling is amazing! Calm and clear sound of music. Get the over the ear Headphones instead: I ’ ve tried both these Bose Earbuds and the Bose Headphones on the same flight. I love Bose. Plus they are small and fit in the ears instead of Headphones.
Great processor! Pros: good single core performance. This Cpu is a beast. It runs cool, is stable and does all I need for it to do and more. I have not Overclocked it that much. Very fast Cpu. No tinkering required and no silly De-Lidding. I upgraded from my old I7 QUAD core 2.8 Ghz Cpu to this one and it has been a fantastic jump in speed. The best chip for gaming. This thing runs hot. This thing boots in no time, runs games at Max settings, smooth as silk. I did try the 9700K, came back to the 8700K hyper thread processor, my applications were sluggish with the 9700K even Overclocked to 5.0 Ghz. First Cpu that actually Overclocked without issues for me although application I run don't need it, so I dont' run it over clocked.
Now I have t take photos at the same level of competence as the camera! I have pushed this camera to its limits and taken photos of everything I could find. Not sure if this was a “ Backfocusing “ issue or just a lemon. It's helped me shoot in low light situations for when I'm hired for Events/Clubs. We love this canon 5D Mark IV camera. The touch screen is superb. Irish professional wedding photographer this is a beast of a camera the quality is mind blowing. This is the best camera I have ever had in my life. I enjoy shooting landscapes and Astrophotography and have been wanting a full frame camera for awhile. Love this camera! I used this camera for almost a month. This is a major upgrade for me from my Mkii. This camera does great in low light situations as well.
I own several Aoc monitors for work (4) but this portable one was a no go. At first a few Pixels started to just be white and now half the screen is white and its worthless. Works great in windows! It is light weight and travels well with its Neoprene sleeve and fits into my computer backpack with my laptop. It's an excellent addition to my portable computing gear! Fits in my laptop bag. Great monitor. The Usb function failed on the monitor. Plug and play. The screen is bright, has good contrast, and overall easy on the eyes. I use as a third screen when needed. Item is Non-Compatible with windows 10. I love this monitor. Great for travel or home.
Tv picture and main board went out less than eight months in. Love this smart TV!!!! Got this on prime day and I love it! The picture quality is excellent! Amazon nor best buy will help. I just Unplugged it and plugged it back in (had to do that a few times with the fire TV box). Do not buy this TV! It's especially great for those who watch Netflix/Hulu/Amazon and play Video games! Great picture. The picture is amazing. Great TV!!! I love this TV. One of the least expensive 50" smart TV's on the market. This TV is great excluding the fact that it isn ’ t really a “ smart ” TV.
Apple play works well. Love this radio. The apple Carplay is fantastic! We wanted him to have the features of apple car play and this works fantastic. Great radio! It sounds great with the factory speakers too. I didn't realize when I bought it, but I prefer a volume knob rather than Up/Down buttons. Installed in a 03 F150. Very easy to install. Great head unit. Love the apple car play. Works great. Touch screen is nice. Great product, can ’ t get anything better for this price and it has a Cd/Dvd Player built in which is rare nowadays.
Slingbox saved me from not seeing U.S. TV. This will be my last sling product. According to Slingbox Website, Workaround is a Hdmi converter box for $70 that was not available at time of review. I use it to watch football games in my home market. This box is connected to an ATT Uverse receiver at home and I did not find any particular problem in setting it up. I paid for the product at full price!!! As soon as I can afford it, I will be reselling my Slingbox somewhere and looking for an alternative. You have to pay for the Iphone and Ipad Apps but worth the cost. Do not buy. It requires a Download from Slingbox for setup, at least. I will no longer buy or upgrade any Slingbox products. It's nice in theory...being able to watch your own TV anywhere. So far the product has been excellent. The sling box grabs the signal and broadcasts over Wifi.
My portraits look so sharp. The auto focus is smooth and accurate. Has a great depth of field. This lens does not disappoint. I am so happy with this lens! Beautiful background Blurring / Bokeh. Fantastic lens for the money. I love this lens. She loves this lens. Great for portrait photography. I'm an amateur photographer. This lens is a Must-Have for the gear locker. Great lens. Takes beautiful pictures.
One of the best pair of Headphones I have purchased. Great sound. Bluetooth range is very good, left my phone downstairs and went upstairs with no loss. Excellent sound and very comfortable to wear. Headphones very stylish and the Bass is unbelievable, along with the sharpness in the treble. Battery life is better than expected. The noise cancellation is really bad! The battery life is also very good. Quality Headphones at a good price. Battery lasts a V long time. The sound is amazing. They seem very well made with quality materials, the ear cups especially comfortable. They are so Comfy and the sound quality is excellent and he now says makes our other speakers sound rubbish. These are an excellent set of Headphones.
Love the style, aluminum Shell, 14 inches monitor, and decent resolution. I can use Chromeos for web browsing and Online school and Linux for everything else. The battery life is impressive. The battery life is great. This Chromebook feels like it was built as military grade. I love this computer. I love this Chromebook. Blazing fast and an almost instant start up! Wish it had an SD card slot. It's not unusable but doesn't feel high quality and doesn't really feel 100% responsive. It has gotten a couple of updates since I first purchased it and it now supports Android Apps. The screen is great. This is a great laptop. This was a nice computer for the price!
This camera is great! The free 7 day cloud storage is Unbeatable. It constantly Disconnects from Smarthings and I have to reset the camera. This is for the Arlo Q wired camera. Great to keep an eye on my car and Kayaks. Very easy to setup. I love this camera. But the motion detection is annoying. The night vision is great for our garage and the ability to set specific trigger zones was super simple. The Video quality is great. There is a 8 second delay on my live view but I am blaming my Internet connection. Easy way to keep an eye on my home. The night vision is awesome.
The picture on this television is great! The Android and remote can be slow to respond sometimes but nothing major. Great TV. Works great with apple TV and watching movies in Hdr. Great picture! The picture quality is awesome. Hdr and Dolby vision. The picture quality is really nice as well. I love this TV. Also bought the sound bar. Beautiful picture. The picture quality is amazing. Picture quality is outstanding.
Plus I can also use my wife ’ s existing Nikon lens collection:). With the manual, Onboard guide system, and overall layout, it's very easy to learn how to use everything available on this camera. There is no memory card with it if you were wondering so get your own SD card Seperatly. I love this camera. This camera rules, def is a must buy! Beautiful images and fairly easy to use. I am a novice photographer at best. I couldn't because it was out of stock at the time. My last Slr was a Nikon N70 film camera. Great camera! I just got this camera and I'm really Obsessing over it. I am glad I did! Takes great pictures.
The battery life is great. Great sound. The Bass is deep and the Speaker is loud. It's a Bose! I listen to them daily. Absolutely great Bluetooth Speaker by Bose. Easy to pair in stereo with the Bose App. The sound is amazing. Great Speaker! The sound quality is great. I love this Speaker. 3 of my friends have bought one after hearing it. Easy to connect to Bluetooth with my cell, and then I listen to Amazon prime music.
Sound on these is great. Sound is very balanced and not Boomy on the Bass. These are the best Headphones I have ever heard. All the in ear buds I've used have always been Fatiguing and uncomfortable after a few hours, and have awful sound quality. I have Bose Qc35 also and the P7's are better sounding and much louder than the Bose. I would recommend them to anyone looking for high quality Headphones. I used to look at people who would walk around with Over-The-Head Headsets and wonder why would anyone do this? They are super soft on the ears and block out even a crying baby 5 feet away. Anyway, if you are looking at Headphones in this price range you cannot go wrong with these in my opinion. Still listening to it everyday after a month. They are solid, feel comfortable and sound well balanced. They do tend to get hot over a period of long listening. After several try, I was able to pair my Iphone with the P7. The only thing missing is the noise cancelling.
The length of the cord is good. It also did not work with my extension cord with Usb charging port, which I also need more Usb ports. Cons: the cord is only about 2 feet long so it has to live on the PC tower as opposed to on my desk. I use it for work as I have multiple items to plug in at a time. The Usb Hub is no exception. It's heavy and solid. A quality product .. It's so nice not having to crawl under my desk for a Usb 3.0 connection. The cord was too short so I had to buy an extension in order to connect it to a Usb port on my Cpu. It's heavy enough to sit in one place on my desk. One Usb connection to my laptop now gives me a keyboard, mouse and printer. Works great! I've connected a variety of devices, including an external hard drive with no issue. This is a great little Hub.
Very noticeably speeds up loading times for gaming on my Xbox. Tons of storage now for my Xbox one. No issues at all. All Seagate though. Used for Xbox one. It ’ s just been sitting on my TV stand connected to me Xbox one X. Plug and play. So we ended up buying an external drive. Super easy to install. I have about 50 games installed on this hard drive and still have 75% of space left. Love this Ssd! Plenty of space for extra games. Stopped working after 2 years. This hard drive is awesome.
I was unimpressed with photos outdoors in sunlight as well, so I returned it and picked up the Wx350 instead. The camera is capable of taking panoramic photos, and video but not still shots. It takes clear pictures and is easy to use. Takes good Pix. The picture quality is good. Got this for a trip to Disney world. Bought this for my husband. I love this little camera! This camera is very very small. I didn't like this camera at all. Excellent camera for the price. This is my second Cyber shot. This is to replace my 10 year old sure shot. The camera takes great pictures.
Brand new!! It is easy to use and takes great pictures. Great camera for beginners. As far a pictures go you wont find anything better for less then 300 bucks. I will be investing in a longer distance lens in the future. This is my first professional camera and so far I am happy with this camera. This camera is everything I need as a non professional photographer. I love this camera. Bought this for my wife's birthday. Great camera! It takes great pictures and has lots of features for the price. The quality of the photographs is fantastic. It came fast as was well packaged.
Also, it doesn't wobble like most Headsets do. The material is attractive and the design very modern looking. Might just be a issue with my Headphones but it's something to keep in mind. You have to use both hands to pull off your Headphones or you will knock over the stand. I love this stand. It holds my Headphones. It's a clean design as far as Headphone stands go. It's a great Headphone stand and works well. It looks great. It's a Headphone stand. If I accidentally bump the stand with the Headphones on it, it tips over. It has a sleek, attractive design and functions well to hold my Headphones. Purchased two of the clear acrylic Amovee Headphone stands for my Sennseiser 598 cs and Grado Sr80E Headphones. Looks nice and is well made.
Be sure to update the Firmware before setting it up or you will have to set it up again. This is a great Wireless Router. The speed is great and so is the range. Coverage is excellent throughout the house. This is a great Router for the price. D-Link Tech support is horrible. Very good signal strength throughout the house. Also, I have not had any dropped connections or had any need to Reboot the Router. Easy to setup. Rebooting the Router helps to regain the Wireless Internet Connectivity. Works great. I purchased the D-Link Dir-655 extreme N Wireless Router to replace a Netgear Rangemax Wireless G Router that died after 13 months. For basic home networking, this Router works great. If your in the market for a Wireless Router you should really consider the D-Link Dir 655 extreme N Router.
Unfortunately I had to switch to windows 10, since Microsoft stopped supporting windows 7. I can run my Ryzen 7 1700 to 3.6 with the stock cooler. One of the best budget Am4 socket boards in my opinion. Has leds which I've never had on a Mobo before. Bought this in August to piece a system together over the course of a few months. Was able to Overclock the ram to 3000Mhz with just a few clocks and Tweaking the DRAM voltage a little. I recommend using another PC and Download the cap file directly from Asus to get the most up to date version. The fan is huge and it will block two of the memory slots! Otherwise, great board. Memory runs faster. Use the flash drive method. The picture I attached has where the PWR switch should be connected. Great Motherboard! This mother board I would only use foreign office computer it has one of the worst over clocks I have ever seen.
It scans both sides at the same time, and is very quick. Just started using this for Digitizing paper files in my office. This scanner is fast. The scanner works great if you only want a wired connection. I love this scanner! The scanning speed was much slower than was expected. I ’ M very happy with this product. The software is easy to use. I can save the document to any file I choose. I use it to Scan paper, IDS, insurance cards, and smaller pieces of paper (similar to a receipt). It is fast and easy to use. It also does Double-Sided scanning. But the actual scans it produces is so sub par in comparison. If you want to Scan multiple pages at a time (I ’ ve scanned a 100 page document flawlessly).
A minor hindrance for me was that the two halves of the keyboard move more than a one piece keyboard. My only Negative- I am left handed and all the shortcut Keys are on the left side of the keyboard. This allows my arms to rest in a much more comfortable position. This keyboard allows a more natural position of the arms. I love this keyboard! I wish the keys on this device were more like the Logitech K series, or usual laptop Keys with a smaller amount of travel. I was getting pain in my wrists and elbows. The only con is that some of the keys are slightly different from where they are placed than other Keyboards. I do Miss the number key pad a little with this set up but its worth it. The key travel is of a real keyboard, and the tactile feel is good. Get a Timer and stop every 30 min to do stretches or you will wind up with pain. I have small hands and this keyboard keeps my hands straight. I like the blue lights on the top right indicating caps lock, NUM lock and function. Best keyboard ever.
Very durable and sturdy. Plenty of room for extra controllers. This case is awesome! Carries everything I have for my switch and keeps it secure. Great case! Holds all my accessories easily and more games then almost anyone would need. I also love that it came with a shoulder strap. Fits all that I need for my switch and it's accessories. Highly recommend. Plenty of storage space for the cords and additional games as well. Solid carrying case. Everything fits. Fits the switch and everything just right. This fits everything for my switch perfectly.
Perfect Ryzen. I game with an Rx 570 8Gb and this Cpu. Upgraded from an Fx-8370 and on Cpu bound games, I'm getting nearly double the frames. So much value for the money! Installation was a breeze and it worked perfectly from the very first boot. Runs cool. Worth every dollar. Built myself a new PC to upgrade from my old hp PC I had. Runs stable at 3.9Ghz and Smashes all my games. Seriously awesome price and Gobsmacking performance. This processor is a beast. Great Cpu. Personally wish I would've gone with the 7700K or 7600K Intel processor for gaming reasons. Big upgrade from the Fx-8320 eight core processor and I'm enjoying it very much so far.
These are a very good and inexpensive pair of binoculars. These binoculars are great! They are lightweight and easy to hold. Bought these binoculars for my wife. Easy to use and focus. Great for bird watching! I bought these binoculars to leave in my deer stand. Clear view and good magnification. Easy to adjust. Easy to adjust focus and very light weight. No night vision! They are great for bird watching or what ever you need to view from a good distance. They are easy to use and the view through the lenses is crystal clear.
It kicks into Street view after you drive for 10-12Min. You can pick up a call without Torching your phone just by the Gps. Time wasted. Nice big screen. Bluetooth connection doesn ’ t work well with my Iphone. Will never buy another Tomtom. I would not recommend this model. Unfortunately they were not very good. It always finds the destination address then gives a global trip map ........ and that's it. Love this Gps. While on permanent hold, I did a Google search for Tomtom customer complaints. Not a good device to buy. I tried to contact customer support and they had me Resetting the Gps and the phone, but it didn ’ t solve the problem. We have very slow Wifi and it still Dowloaded them very quickly.
Easy to use. U can still use this to convert it to determine the needs for your pants. I can compare light output from fluorescent light to led light in Lux or Lumens or even candle power in min or Max mode. The accuracy is going to be off if you are measuring led this is for sunlight and hid Ie. This is an excellent light meter. Nice product. The Readout automatically displays the exact number. It auto ranges and the decimal point is tiny, so you have to be careful when reading, it moves to “ K ” without warning. Note: if reading led with this -2000 Lux from your reading. The meter is well designed, easy to use, and seems accurate, at least enough for my use. Going blind trying to read by lamplight? This is the first light sensor I've used, so I'm not sure if it's unique to this one, or all sensors. I suspect it is not a full spectrum detector so it won ’ t properly measure some wavelengths, like leds. It measures the intensity of light.
I purchased it so I can take portrait, Close-Ups and Low-Light but it performs miserably in these categories. It is small and relatively light, although it can be a bit awkward to carry around. Replaces a canon S100 and like the Sony better. The ability to have a fast 1.8 aperture on the wide end is huge the basic modes and manual control is a must for me. This is a great compact camera for the money. Works well in low light. Wish I had access to the camera menu from the Ipad. Absolutely love this camera. I would not recommend this camera. It's a great camera, I like it a lot. It is a fantastic little camera that is super portable, yet it takes really nice and quality photos. It takes decent photos but it's not worth the price tag. I've only had it a few days and have only taken a few pictures and I very much like the way it works. Get a screen protector, and check out he Vivitar compatible batteries.
Great radio for the price! I am so pleased with this radio. Easy to program using "Chirp" software. Battery life is good. Love this little radio. Great little radio ... I am happy with this radio. But, if you want to use it as a two-way radio, you must get a ham radio license. Listening to the repeater though I get very good reception and clarity. I live in Loveland, Co and I can hit a repeater down near boulder, about 30 miles away. Great radio. Caveat: I'm new to ham radio, and this is my first HT. The radio works great.
All of my games are loaded to this drive. I'm very disappointed. Nothing, it did not read or recognize this hard drive. I got this hard drive for my Xbox last year, and it has been working great. For the money, this drive is affordable and the amount of storage is great. Never again Seagate. Bought for my Xbox one. I made two partitions on it, one 512Gb to use with my Macbook's time machine backup, and one 1.5Tb partition to use as general storage. Plug and play. I've had it for less than 6 months and the drive has failed. Plugged into the Usb 3.0 slot on my box--very satisfied with the performance. This is a great little drive. Lots of space. This hard drive never worked.
They are great ear buds! I love these earphones. The noise cancellation is useless. They are very comfortable around my ears and they never fall off. The battery life is great. Love these for my phone calls. They stay on my ears and sound great. The left ear was scratching and the right ear was not working. After a week in a half, the left ear piece stopped working. Sometimes one Earbud doesn ’ t seat correctly in the case so it doesn ’ t charge. Sound is great and connected to my Iphone right away. The sound is muted, no Bass and Guite poor. The sound quality is great. They are comfortable on my ears and easy to use.
However the aperture ring on this lens is too lose and easily moved by my left supporting hand. The Xtran sensor puts out great Jpg from the camera and the continued Firmware upgrades absolutely sell the camera. Looking forward to shooting with some of the fast prime glass. Great build. Accurate color. I love this camera. I have the X100S and the Nikon D600. This is my first Semi-Professional camera. However the Low-Light performance and light weight make it ideal for travel, scenic, weddings and excursions into dimly lit music Venues. This is a wonderful design, as I have been shooting since the 60's and relate to manual control of major functions. If I had to choose one camera for travel photography, this camera with the 18-135Mm lens would be that camera. Great camera. Directional buttons are too soft as is commonly known. It is now Oct. 15 and I am still a great fan of this camera.
We found an Downloadable update on the Vizio Website copied to a Usb and updated the TV ourselves. The picture quality is great. Great TV for the price. The picture is beautiful but the TV turns itself on by itself. All the reviews were great and then we hooked it up. First clue was Tnf between the cowboys and bears and I thought maybe a fog rolled in. Vizio got a repair man to install a new board, but the TV continued to turn itself on independently. First 4K smart TV ever. Great picture and Specs. I have strong Wifi connection but the moment the TV tries to stream anything in 4K from the built in Apps it will lock up. The Hdr is good enough to improve viewing and the control is snappy and responsive. Now coming to the TV, I'm amazed by the picture quality that you get out of this considering its price! Takes forever to power on. Love this TV.
The weather resistance qualities make using it in damp to wet conditions an anxiety free proposition. Those lenses fit and work perfectly with the Digital camera. The camera takes great pictures on auto or scene mode, so you can start getting great shots right out of the box. The Pentax K-50 was my first foray into dslr photography. Very pleased with this camera. This is my fourth Pentax Slr or dslr camera and I stay with the brand because I have several good lenses that are compatible. I cant wait to learn more about it and have fun! Thumb up! Delivery was prompt and item was as advertised. Other than that, love the weight and feel of this camera in my hands. I Tweaked some of my photos in Adobe Lightroom before posting them here. Weather protection, great image quality, flexible settings and excellent optical Viewfinder are the main positives for me. Love this camera. Great camera!
Best Router I ever had. I've switched back to my older Asus Router and I've boxed this one back up. Problem is with the device itself after the Firmware update. This Router is amazing. Speed is good (I get a bit more than the 300M I'm paying my Isp for). I can't keep an Internet connection and the Wi-Fi keeps dropping out. So far I have not experienced any dropped connections. Great Router! Easy to setup. Now the signal is week. With the Xfinity Modem/Router rental, I was lucky to get 140Mbps. Our Wi-Fi is down more than it is up. I'd buy it again. Blocking late night access was possible (this Router, and previous one) but only by the hour.
The canvas is thick and sturdy and the leather straps are clearly real leather. Great bag! This bag is amazing! The shoulder pad rests in the front of me instead of my shoulder. Durable, heavy duty material. Fits my hp 15.6 inch laptop with room to spare. The shoulder strap is really comfortable. Nice material and construction. Plenty of room! Highly recommend. Other than that good quality bag. It's very sturdy and functional. Fits my Macbook pro 15". Lots of pockets.
I bought two of these along with the center Speaker to replace my old Onkyo speakers. Highly recommended. Highs and Mids are very good, and the Bass is terrific. Great sound. These sound amazing! Great Speaker for the price. I bought these speakers at 30% discount. It gave a little more life to my aging sound system that will get replaced later this year. Well after receiving them and installing them I was blown away by the sound quality. Great sound for the price. Love these speakers. They sound pretty good for inexpensive speakers. These speakers are great for a small space. They sound great and even look cool.
Super fast start up. Other then this this laptop is OK no issue. Touchscreen perfect and clear. Amazon seller wasn't much help so had to send it back to hp. If am singing up for something and creating accounts it just suddenly appears this blue screen and shuts the hell down. - battery life is horrible. I am shocked at how fast this laptop starts up and shuts down! Battery lasts 3 times longer than her old laptop! Very fast. - fan is loud and hot and almost always on. I usually purchase hp laptops. A good laptop for the price! Fast, lightweight and everything I was looking for!
Step 1. Love this power strip! Very nice to be downstairs and be able to Preheat the bed upstairs. 2 stars because I love that you can control each outlet and Usb separately (I use the Google home). But as a smart device and trying to connect it to Alexa? It works great. You can name each plug to turn off what you would like to. I bought a white one with another link that works good but goes Offline once in a while. But if you are sticking to everyday lights and thing alike, this would be great. After moving, I cannot get it to connect to the Wifi. So I was looking at getting rid of the mechanical timers on my 55G planted Aquarium. While it did shut down without destroying anything plugged into it, it does not have a breaker reset button. Easy to set up and use ..... works well with Google!!! Very easy to set and the App easily guides you through connecting the power strip to the Internet.
Comes with Hdmi Cable. I use it as a monitor for my computer. Using it as a computer monitor. We love this TV. At 4K resolution refresh rate is at 30Hz. Therefore, I concluded it was a result of the Video card outdated software. Great picture. Two months after purchasing this monitor, it developed a red line of Pixels vertically down the screen. Overall, a great buy. S * * * Ty image quality, awful sound and has no options for external Audio. The speakers are also terrible as others have said. I really like this TV. Television arrived with dead Pixels. Great as a computer monitor.
It has two extra spots for hard drives too, one of them being attached to the Dvd optical drive though. They did the smart thing and went for a higher speed hard drive. I'm not a Gamer, nor do I use my computer for business. For basic web browsing and Email it should do fine. It has been an excellent computer and there have been no problems in the first several months. Windows 10. I use this PC for a small home business. Nice PC for a very good price. Like the two Hdmi ports. Restart is incredibly fast. It really can't run origin games. Used my Microsoft account to get started, went back, created Offile account, deleted the account I was forced to start with. I bought it because Amazon had a special Pay-Per-Month special. Tried to return it again on Amazon.
Great printer. It prints great. Very happy with this printer. The printer works great. I love this printer. Fast Printing and love two sided printing. This is the best printer I've ever owned. Print quality is very good. The only negative about this printer is the high cost of ink cartridges. Prints great, but eats the ink. It prints fast and seems pretty ink efficient too. Love the Wireless print feature. Awesome printer! I would recommend this printer.
This is a great add-on peripheral for slim notebooks with no built in CD drive. Love this external drive! Works great with a Mac. The Z40 doesn't have a CD-ROM drive. If you have a Macbook, buy this instead of the official apple external drive. Plug and play. Is reliable and works perfect. Note: it does require a Usb port on your device. I received it quickly in the mail and plugged it into my Macbook pro. For the money, it's a very good drive. Got this because I live in Europe, and wanted to have a Dvd Player for us Dvds. I use it to read and burn CD. Highly recommend! It works with music CDs, Cdr and Dvd Rw.
Really excellent Cable Modem and Router combination. I bough this Modem/Router to replace the one from my Internet provider. I have great coverage throughout the house and have constant speeds. The Wifi signal is strong and it stays connected, but it drops the Internet more than a dozen times a day. And now my speed is actually the speed I pay for. The signal is great. Easy to install. Perfect for my 1,000 sq ft apartment. No more monthly rental fees from your Internet provider! The Wifi is a tad better than the Comcast supplied Modem-Router. The Netgeer Nighthawk AC 1900 (C7000V2) is one of the best Modem/Router Combos out there. I had a problem with maintaining a connection to the Internet. The Tech support was excellent. Do not buy this!!!!!
Volume goes far with good Bass and clear sound. Led to believe it was great sound value for money, for those on a budget, which is me. Great sound. Surprisingly loud for a small Bluetooth Speaker. Keep the "Bass" option on as it makes everything sound a lot better. The sound quality is fantastic. This is greate Speaker. But battery life seems to be pretty good. Great Speaker pros. The sound quality is very good. I love these speakers. Great sound for it's size. Great sound for such a small device. Awesome Bluetooth Speaker!
My living room has never sounded better. The back panel is Scorching hot, so it is now Unplugged, as I was afraid it might be a hazard. The Polk sounded amazing right out of the box. I needed something small for a bedroom placement, and this fits the bill. I am in the Audio biz and this sub is amazing for the price. No distortion, clean, tight Bass. We were space constrained and this is what would fit in the space we had. I have a small room with some small bookshelf speakers. Simply put, this little guy kicks butt. This Subwoofer is a seriously great Subwoofer ... Great sound for the price! Great little sub for my PC. The volume control helps give a little more punch. But for this application it really made a huge difference.
