Install is easy and other than changing input on tv it works just like a roku tv set. My old flat TV works as a smart TV with Roku. Have then Roku 3 on our big tv, bought this for smaller bedroom TV. Love roku very easy to install very fast connecting to Netflix and Amazon prime! I love my roku - so easy to set up and so easy to use. It turns your TV into a Roku TV!! This is our Second Roku device as we needed it on another TV. Roku is fantastic works like a smart TV, if you don’t have a smart TV.
We love the picture of this tv! Great tv the picture is amazing. The picture on this tv is amazing! This is the best of the best If you ask me Love the tv The picture is so bright and perfect Feels like your in the tv So clear Total upgrade from a 48” tv to this awesome picture and great value for a tv this size!! Excellent TV with amazing picture and quality. easy of use is and picture quality are by far the best feature of this tv. Amazing picture quality and Smart TV options and great price.
I LOVE the Bose noise cancelling headphones. I purchased these after I lost my over the ear Bose noise cancelling headphones. Noise cancellation is better than over the ear headphones. The noise cancelling is impressive, but not as good as over the ear bose headphones. Hands down the best noise cancelling device I have ever used, even better than the Bose over the ear headphones. You may be able to buy noise cancelling headphones with the price of this, but it’s well worth it. Bose quality of sound, good noise cancelling feature. Sound is great and as expected from a Bose but the noise cancelling wasn't what I was looking for.
I wanted the best Intel gaming processor available without going to the new i9 which still runs around $1000. The processor runs great, I'm not using the stock cooler so no problem with the temps. Best cpu I have had in my 20 years of gaming. I will have this CPU running for many hours at 100% load and there are no issues using the stock CPU cooler. Fastest chip on the market for gaming (for less than 1k USD) Intel uses cheap thermal paste between the CPU die and heatsink which makes this CPU to run hot. Great CPU, just make sure you have a top level cooler as it does run hot. Excellent cpu for gaming. Great CPU for Gaming ... Easy to overclock if you know what you are doing
Love this camera! LOVE this camera! Love everything about this camera. Love this camera! I love this camera! Love this camera. Great camera. Camera as described.
Bought the monitor for work travel so I wouldn't have to work off my laptop display all day. I do not carry this monitor with me I just use it at home as a 2nd screen for work. Great monitor, much better picture than my laptop. Great price and good resolution for using it as a second monitor on the laptop. A very nice second monitor for laptop! Decent screen size for a 2nd monitor. Really great for those who travel but need a second monitor to work. While it may be a great travel monitor, it did not work for me.
the tv is great great picture great sound nice tv Great picture and even the sound is good for a tv. The TV itself is really great as far as sound and picture goes. Good picture, would definitely recommend this tv. Picture is good and it's a good overall TV. Amazing tv does everything you want and has great picture. Great TV with excellent picture. Meanwhile I have a samsung tv that we’ve had for 10 years which has better picture quality than this tv ever did and is STILL going strong without any issues.
Looks great and the touch screen is very responsive I love the Apple CarPlay I just think it’s just an overall good radio upgrade for your car at a great price. My hubby liked the radio and the Apple carplay so much that I ended up ordering a second pioneer radio for his car. I love the Apple car play the unit sounds awesome! Overall, this new radio made me feel like my car is brand new again, I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking to get an aftermarket radio with Carplay. I installed this radio in my car. Great radio with apple car play! No apple car play on this unit. This radio is amazing for the price point and to have Apple CarPlay.
As if spending $150 on this device wasn't enough, Slingbox charges a lot of money for their apps, and has now placed ads in their desktop player for Windows and OSX. Now they are running video ads that you must wait through before getting to your Slingbox connection. this product worked great until the greedy bastards at slingbox decided to put ads on their desktop player (the only way to connect). So now you can watch TV ads and Slingbox Ads! UPDATE: Slingbox just pushed an update to the desktop player, and now the ads are even more intrusive. Not sure why Slingbox thinks it's fair to ask their customers to pay $150 for the privilege to look at their ads. It was easy to set up, and I have it running through my Roku-2, so I do not need to connect my PC or tablet to the TV to watch through Slingbox. You will need to upgrade your sling player to the newest version and the slingbox solos that I have wont work on the same player as the M1 uses.
I Love this lens take great photos I can't believe the price is so low for such a great lens. I was looking for an inexpensive Canon lens to give me a nice bokeh effect for my photos and this lens was perfect for that. I am just beginning in photography but will say this about this lens, its a great buy for the money and a great lens for a beginner wanting to do some portraits like I am. This lens takes great low light pictures. Great lens and takes great pictures. This is only my 2nd "REAL" lens (lens purchased outside of the kit lenses) and I can't say that I love this lens as much as I do my 85mm 1.8, but its performance is SO much better than my kit lenses and, for the price.... This my first 50mm lens from Canon and I love it. I think for photos this is an amazing lens!
These Headphones are super comfortable and the Sound quality is really good. Good quality headphones, sound is excellent and the battery life is good. These are comfortable headphones that look and sound great. My own headphones cost £90 and they are better sound quality, have noise cancellation and better sound quality. Quality headphones at a good price. That being said the overall sound quality is quite good. The sound is good. Very good sound.
Yes good battery and lightweight but just better off getting a real laptop not a chromebook. The Acer chromebook is the only computer I would use for my internet work. If you are thinking of getting a Google Chromebook this is the laptop to purchase. This is a great laptop Chromebook. The laptop works great, turns on quickly, and feels well built however the problem for me is that its a Chromebook. I love love love my new Acer Swift and the Chromebook, while a great machine for the money, didn't have enough 'stuff' for me to keep. After using this Chromebook for the last month I have to say it's the BEST laptop I have ever had. This Chromebook is my daily laptop.
The Arlo Q plus is a excellent camera with 1080p picture, What I like it about it's easy to setup and the installation process is easy, I really love the crisp and sharp picture and video, it's has excellent night vision and the camera quality is great! This seems like a great camera and I love all my other arlo cameras. Arlo q plus is a nice good quality camera and very easy to set up. Super easy to setup and the Arlo app is great for working with the cameras viewing, etc. I install security cameras as part of my small business and I would say that the Arlo camera system is probably the best out there in terms of picture and sound quality. If you want a camera that can connect to Arlo you need to buy the normal camera + long cable + base. I already own the Arlo Pro wireless camera system and added this camera to my system. Having both cameras (wired and wireless) I can definitely say that Arlo Q serious is a better camera all around.
The picture quality on this TV is amazing. This TV has excellent picture quality. We love the color and picture of our new Sony tv. The best feature for this TV, of course, is the picture quality. Excellent picture quality and a nice looking TV. Loves the picture on this TV. The most beautiful TV picture I've ever seen. Nice looking tv with solid picture quality.
Love this camera... Great pictures and very easy to use Love this camera. Love this camera. I love this camera, I love this camera, I love this camera! I love this camera. I love this camera. I love this camera and all it can do. It's my first camera and I love it.
I love this Bose Speaker, the bass sounds so good!! Love the sound quality of this speaker. Sound is great for such a small portable speaker, Bose does it again with a quality speaker. Amazing sound from this Bose speaker. I love the sound that comes from this speaker. I really love the sound of this speaker. I love Bose, this is my third speaker purchase. I love my Bose speaker!
These headphones sound great. The headphones sound is amazing. Bluetooth Headphones and best sound quality at this price Best wireless headphones I have ever used by far, Comfortable with amazing sound. The sound seems excellent, but the headphones are just not that comfortable over my ears. I love everything about these headphones. The sound quality in these headphones is outstanding. These are excellent headphones.
I needed expansion ports for my USB 3.0 and order the Anker USB 3.0 4-Port Portable Aluminum Hub. I was only able to fit 3 USB drives in my old 5 port USB hub because the ports were too close together. Great little 4 port usb 3.0 hub, wish the cord was a little longer but you can easy extend it with a USB 3.0 extension cable. I plug this USB hub into my PS3 and it works perfectly...enough said. Ive placed this hub on my desk to have access to my usb 3.0 ports in the back of my computer. This little USB hub works great. I needed a new USB hub and Anker hasn't let me down before. A+ quality USB hub like everything from Anker.
I like the storage space and that it's easy to move games from your internal drive(the drive on your xbox console)and that you can delete games off it just as easy. I was able to load all my XBOX ONE S games on this drive and all have been working with no issues. Worked perfectly with my Xbox One S. Now I can store all my games on my external hard drive. The Seagate Xbox One Gaming Drive loads games quickly and I have storage for days. I have more room on my Xbox hard drive to play more games and more games I have over 30 games downloaded on the xbox and external hard drive. Super small, easy to set up, and so far there has been no noticeable difference between games loaded on this drive and on our Xbox One drive. Something cool about hard drives is that you if you ever switch to another Xbox you don’t have to download the games you have on your hard drive to the other Xbox, you only have to plug it in and start playing your games.
Camera seems to take good pictures (at least the best I can tell by looking at the screen on the camera). Good little camera, great pictures. I was looking for a camera to take better quality pictures than my phone. Nice camera, great pictures. Camera is good. Good camera! Was probably a good camera in 2013. Seems like a good camera.
Love this camera and easy to use. Easy to use, great quality camera. Love the camera. I love this camera! What can I say, but that I really LOVE this camera! I love the camera!! I love this camera! I LOVE this camera.
I bought the clear stand to hold my headphones and it does a good job and it looks sleek and nice on my desk. The stand is nice when the headphones are on it for sure. Its too light so when I take my headphones off the stand... This stand provides a convenient place to put your headset / headphones when you're not using them. I really like how easy it is to put the headphones on the stand. it's a clear plastic stand for headphones. It is exactly what it advertised: a simple, sleek, and sturdy headset stand. Holds your headphones well but requires two hands when you remove headphones as the stand will fall over.
Good wireless router. Got a great price on this wireless router. This is a great wireless router. Works fine as a wireless router. I would still recommend this router to anyone that doesn't already have a wireless router...but if you are looking for better wireless coverage, you might be disappointed. This wireless router is really Fast! We've been really happy with our wireless router. This router was easy to set up.
This motherboard is a great board, but ASUS is not being transparent on if the bios is or is not going to support Ryzen 3000. Newest BIOS version is 4024 for ASUS B350 board, but 4011 works just fine. ASUS is kind of slow on updating their motherboard bios. big mistake after 2 bios updates everything was smooth after latest bios update board wont this is 2017post,cannot get into bios to reset cannot use usb flash to rollback or update again This board was rushed out,there isnt even a reset switch on the board,they actually want you to use a screwdriver and short the pins. I do wish there was a setting in the BIOS to turn off the on board lights, when the system is off, or even entirely, but overall it is a great product. Pros- Great looking motherboard (Red Leds Gpu/Lower Left of board) Great price Overclocking abilities Cons- motherboard still won't let me overclock my memory to its OC 3200mhz. For a new board Asus has already released TWO bios updates that I have flashed to my bios, DOES NOTHING to correct any issues. Good budget motherboard after bios upgrade.
Scanner is fast to set up and fast scanning! The Epson scanner is very easy to use and scans quickly. When I try to use the Epson Scan app it tells me the scanner is in use. Open the app epson smart scan, it will look for the scanner by IP. I have many years of paper files to scan and this scanner is making it much easier. I had a scanner prior which took several steps to scan and download documents. This scanner is fast and easy to use. This scanner is extreamly easy to use and works perfectly for scanning documents!
The problem I had with this keyboard is the bad placement of the keys to the left of the keyboard. This is the 2nd time I have bought this keyboard. most comfortable keyboard that I've had. I have had this keyboard for about 5 months. The keyboard works great. Keyboard works great. I love this keyboard. I love this keyboard!
It is a nice case that fits the need for the switch. This case fits everything I could ever need for the switch. I even have a comfort grip case on my switch and it still fits in this case. My son loves this case, it fits everything you could every need for a switch and it is durable too. If you are looking for a case to hold your switch, dock, games, controllers, and any other accessories (I have a grip case as well for when I play the switch in portable mode) then this is exactly what you are looking for. This switch case is great! This is a great case for a Switch! Very sturdy great case to put your Switch in.
However, if you're purchasing the 1600x make sure you have an AM4 compatible CPU cooler as there isn't one supplied with this processor. My last CPU was an Intel, but ever since AMD came out with the Ryzen line of CPUs, I wanted one. awesome CPU for overall use, purchased this for my new build focused on gaming/streaming, which is why i chose AMD, for the more cores and threads, for the price (strict budget) CPU is great for tasks such as streaming/video encoding, slight impact on gaming due to AMD and not Intel, but still is pretty good! A good Ryzen 5 CPU at a good price. I purchased this CPU for my 2nd Gaming PC build and I love it! This didn't come with a cooler which i knew before purchase, only the CPU some paperwork and ryzen 5 sticker. Coming from an Intel 2500k overclocked to 4.2 to this cpu at stock was a nice upgrade. It's a great gaming CPU for the price.
I have just purchased this product as I was looking for a compact and clear set of binoculars for bird watching. I was able to see tiny birds clearly, and the compact size and light weight of these binoculars is perfect. Great price for high quality binoculars and nice and compact. Very clear vision with or with out glasses I would recommend for any body looking for small and light weight binoculars Easy to focus,clear images, nice pair of binoculars Love that it's so lightweight for easy packing and traveling, great clarity, best compact binoculars I've ever had. These binoculars are nice and compact, making them lightweight and portable, but they still have a solid zoom good picture quality. I would recommend these binoculars to anyone looking for a light-weight, easy to carry and easy to focus pair.
While the maps were more up to date than the rental car gps, the traffic system is awful. I used the TomTom GO 620 6-Inch GPS Navigation for 3 months and now it has a blue screen. After four straight days of trying multiple different TomTom websites I was unable to get any response despite numerous attempts to reset a new password, download software updates, find out how to download European maps. Garmin wants to charge you for all out of country ( usa ) maps, TomTom gives them for free. The best GPS by TomTom I’ve had and this must by my 4th one? I have always liked the TomTom GPS. I've had multiple TomTom GPS in past and loved them. Description says - “Lifetime Maps (World) Download and update maps from around the world at no extra cost for the life of your TomTom GO”.
I recommend this product.This also gives indoor temperature.This light meter covers the basics well, and I used it for LED lighting work. Useful and accurate, this light meter has been useful for measuring Lux as I get into growing my own vegetables and being self sustaining! The meter is probably okay for approximate light level testing when directly under a light source in an office environment. This is an excellent light meter. I use this meter in my office.Great value for the money and reliable,fast & easy to use. The meter is well designed, easy to use, and seems accurate, at least enough for my use. needed a basic meter to set up lighting for living area, this a good tool. Good customer service and the light meter is okay.
Over all a good camera. This is a very good camera. I am not a camera professional but I can tell you this camera takes amazing pictures. camera is very good but just only camera. So far it seems to be a great little camera. Great camera. Great camera. A GREAT LITTLE CAMERA!
I found the radio difficult to program manually and then later was made aware of programming the radio though a cable using the CHIRP software. Find it to be a very good radio, easy to program it, good sound, using it as a scanner.I recommend this radio. I like the radio but I have to spend more time with it to program it.If you have some time it is a good radio to have. Very good quality radio and the a great price too. Love the radio..not easy to program from the radio keypad..using chirp to program makes it a breeze..good sound quality and have been receiving good reports back .would buy again.. Great little radio if one can get pass learning how to program and using the radio. This is not an easy radio to program. I am also considering purchasing the radio repeater interface box and another pair of radios so our teams can extend our radio coverage in the more remote areas of our county So far I am very pleased with this radio.
Unfortunately, this particular drive [ Seagate Expansion 2TB Portable External Hard Drive USB 3.0 (STEA2000400) ] was a great disappointment. Besides installing the drive, they also helped me install their software needed to make a mirror copy of my computer hard drive on the Seagate external drive . Now I have to return this one, getting a replacement drive from Seagate for my other drive, and I also bought a WD drive just in case these continue to fail. I would recommend this product if you are looking for a hard drive that works for only a few months. This drive having USB 3.0 which is needed for the Xbox, makes this drive seem almost faster loading and installing games than the internal hard drive. The Seagate Expansion 2TB Portable External Hard Drive gives me well over 4,400 times the storage capacity of that old computer with a second hard drive (10,000 times the computer's original installed internal memory). I had been running out of hard drive space, and knew that I could add an external drive to save games to. This hard drive was purchased to replace the last Seagate Expansion hard drive that failed.
The sound is not as good as over the ear headphones but for the size they are good. I have one the ear headphones but I feel the sound is about the same. I’ve always liked in ear headphones or earbuds. They have amazing sound, better than any headphones/ear buds I have ever used before. I like that the headphones stay in your ear. I have owned the original wireless Beats ear buds, Bose wireless earbuds, and the Airpods Pro and these Powerbeats are amazing and by far the best. These are not on ear headphones. The sound quality is great, like all Beats headphones.
I just love this camera. Love this camera. Love this camera. I love this camera. Great camera all around. Great Camera! Great camera! Great camera.
Other than that it is a good tv with great picture for the price. Best picture I have ever had in a TV. A very, very good TV for a great price. Great TV for picture quality, price and free tv channel but too many issues. Great TV, easy to use. The picture on this tv is amazing! Great tv, especially for the price. It’s a great TV for the price.
Great camera and very easy to use. Great camera for the price. Great camera for the price. Overall a great camera at a good price. Great camera at a good price. Love this camera. Love this camera. Love the camera.
Speed increased by 100MB once I upgraded to this router from another Asus router. After years of using Netgear products I bought this Asus router to replace a Netgear router that I had been waiting for over a year for a firmware update. This was my first ASUS router. This is my second asus router. Do not buy this or any router from ASUS. This will be the last ASUS router I ever buy. Great WiFi Router! Great WIFI Router!
I love this bag; however, it does not fit a 17.3 laptop. I had been looking all over for a nice laptop bag for my 17". A laptop in this bag will not have room for much else. Love the bag well worth the price, take it with me every where I go, school day out at library, just a good bag to have holds my stuff and looks good to I needed a bag for my 17.3" laptop and this one fits and looks great. So if you have a lot of things you want to carry along with your laptop, might not be the bag for you. The bag works well for me, looks good, actually comfortable, and the quality is nice. Bag is very nice and is of great quality.
These little speakers sound great and the price was right. These speakers sound very good for the price. The speakers are of good quality and sound great. Good looking 2-way speakers with great sound quality. Great speakers, good all around sound. Great speakers with good sound. Great sound good looking speakers. These speakers sound great and look great.
Very fast, very nice looking laptop. Nice laptop, fast, quiet and a great laptop to use! I've owned this HP laptop for almost four months (my first laptop) and no problems at all. The laptop was easy to set up and works fine. Good laptop for price. A good laptop for the price! Laptop fan noise is unbearable.brand new laptop with no app makes more sound than a fan.Returned the laptop within one day.Waste of time procuring it.Save your money. This laptop would have likely been perfect, if the WiFi worked.
But when the outlet is off for too long the whole power strip disconnects from both the Google Home app and the Smart Link app. Alexa Smart Home will find the power strip and all the plugs and ports after Smart Life setup. And has a smart app that you can power on and off while your not home. work as expected with the smart life app and alexa. It works with Smart Life app that I can connect to Google home. Awesome product and was really easy to set up everything works right through my Alexa app. Using Alexa app, search for smart devices. This is a great product but the app is a totally copy of Smart Things, which is a well known free app that let’s you control not just this product but most others as well.
Maybe it's a good TV but not a good monitor. It would be even better if it was just a monitor and not a TV. I bought this as a monitor, not as a TV. Great price for a fantastic TV / Monitor 39" . EXCELLENT AS A COMPUTER MONITOR AS WELL AS A TV. great value and probably a good TV, but was hoping to use as a monitor. This TV/Monitor is awesome with the new video card. It may be okay as a computer monitor, but as a TV it's horrible.
I got my Acer TC-885 and have it all set up I got it to replace my old unit that was windows 7 this new computer is very fast and was very easy to set up it took about an hour to transfer my files from the old computer and about an hour to fully set up I use it for day to day home use bills and shopping on line it's great i'm very happy with it and if anyone is looking for a fast home set up this is it and it's a very good buy for the money. For price you get a good computer Great and fast computer, I really like it, first time buying Acer and I Am sold. This would NOT be a good gaming computer. Like any new computer, this machine works fine. Super value Windows 10 home computer. So far great computer for the price. Buy this computer!!
I just got this printer and it was so easy to set up print! This printer is easy to set up, works great, fast and excellent printing quality. But this printer was cheaper to purchase than the replacement ink and print head my printer said it needed. Printer was easy to install and the print quality is good. This printer works good until you have to replace the ink, then it will not print properly. Great printer, very easy to set up, had to connect on line as the disk that came with the printer did not let me print. This printer works great with WIFI and Air Print. It is our first wireless printer and it was easy to set up, and works really well.
Works great for that old laptop which doesn't have a DVD drive. I bought this external drive because my new laptop didn't have a DVD / CD drive. Works great, love this option as new laptop did not come with DVD/CD drive worked as expected, great for on the go or when you have a new laptop that doesnt have a cd/dvd drive This LG DVD drive works fine. If you need a DVD drive at a great price this is the one to get. I bought this drive for my laptop that does not have a DVD drive. So this external usb drive works good.
I purchased the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2) as a replacement for the Comcast/Xfinity modem/router I was paying $15 a month to use for internet and wifi. The netgear c7000 cable modem/wifi router was fast and easy to install. Netgear is is a great WiFi cable modem router. Great WiFi Cable Modem Router! After an easy install this Netgear modem/router is doing great. With this Netgear Modem/Router it was easy to set up. The Netgear 2-in-1 router and modem is easy to install. The Netgear modem/router is worth the $200 because you use your internet everyday.
Great Product overall I love this speaker great sound awesome bass Sound quality is awesome for a speaker this size. The bass and sound in general is better than any other <$100 bluetooth speaker I've had. This speaker is compact with great sound. Overall a good speaker for the price. This speaker has been great in the time I've had it. This speaker is so good. Great speaker!!
Pros: features, build quality, size, price, any subwoofer drastically improves a stereo system Cons: compared to my cheaper Polk PSW10, this is terrible. I needed a small subwoofer for a living room installation. After my update to my 5.1 surround sound system to a 7.1 surround sound system with a new Onkyo AV receiver and two Polk satellite speakers I decided on replacing my ancient Polk PSW100 powered subwoofer with a Polk PSW111 Compact Powered 8" Subwoofer with a Mediabridge double shielded 8 ft RCA to RCA cable. Polk is a quality a/v company, so I expected a lot from my new powered subwoofer. I've always loved Polk Audio, and this PSW111 powered subwoofer shows why. I purchased this subwoofer for my bedroom and i had limited space, the subwoofer seems alittle small but i can deal with it.I wii be making some more room soon and i will upgrade to alarger polk sub in the near months to come mean while i will deal with it. Skeptical at first, but took a chance and went with this subwoofer to go with 4 mc60s and a polk center channel speaker. I received this subwoofer as a "freebie" with the purchase of 2 TSi400 Polk Audio floor standing speakers on my Pioneer VSX-1021.
