So easy my kids can use it. Love the Roku!!! turn any tv with an HDMI port into a smart tv Easy, fast set up. Works great and is all but invisible once attached to the TV. What I love about it ... you can extend it down from a high TV with a long HDMI cord.
Do not buy this TV if you want a smooth clean picture. Screen is paper thin, but amazing sound. It has an amazing picture and great sound quality. Remote is easy to use. Samsung QLEDs DO NOT work with HDMI CEC. The user-interface is snappy af. Very nice color and clarity.
If you're looking for noise cancelling earphones I think these are definitely it. Fantastic noise cancelling. Not available in white - a pity. They fit comfortably in your ears as well. excellent sound quality. Smart looking carrying case. Buy them - and return them if you're not blown away.
Right now I'm encoding movies WHILE i play video games. Right now I'm encoding movies WHILE i play video games. Super fast, runs up to 4.7 with no OC. Turbo boost to 4.7GHz is all you need. Super fast, runs up to 4.7 with no OC. Idle temps 20-30C but I do have a very elaborate water cooling system that includes 2 loops with 3 ek D5 pumps and reservoirs in each. Expensive, now we have a code error that reduces processor speed? Honestly in my opinion amongst the best Intel processors out there.
The majority of the events I've shot have been under sub-par light where cranking the ISO has rendered the majority of my photos and video useless. The focusing is spot on and the new features including touchscreen are so convenient. Now I have t take photos at the same level of competence as the camera! Truly amazing piece of kit, and particularly good for taking photos in low light. Pfft, what the heck else can i add that they other zillion reviews haven't.
This is a great portable monitor that my staff use as a second monitor when in the field. Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! Buyer beware - It crashed my computer! The viewing angle is narrow vertically. Buyer beware - It crashed my computer!
Fire tv built in ! Instant Fire TV. Voice control is nice. Picture quality sucks. After a month of remote issue a software update fixed issue. Adjusting the tv settings while watching tv is not possible. Easy set up. What a great TV!!! Works well. The applications that come with tv are outstanding.
I mainly purchased this for Apple CarPlay, and it’s fantastic. Good value for money . I mainly purchased this for Apple CarPlay, and it’s fantastic. We like this a lot. Supports software updates.
After 15 mins with the SlingBox M1, I had it working on two PC's. you are required to watch a 30 second ad before starting your streaming video, from your own TV on a device you paid full price for. The smaller form factor, and the built in IR blaster are nice features also. Other than that, I love having the access - when the weather is good, there are no connectivity problems. The supporting software works well on cell phone but is worthless on a laptop and tablet. Product looked new out of the box. Issue is that there is no HDMI plug in so I couldn't hook it up to one of my small direct tv boxes. I just wish the app for the iPhone worked just as good as for the iPad!!
The new improvements make this a solid lens. Great for low light. It's very fast and I love the background blur. Easy to pack. This lense is my first attempt at shooting with a fix focal point. Would recommend for users with general, everyday photography needs all the way to portrait professionals. A small wonder.
Sound quality is good and comfortable to wear. Very comfortable, excellent design. On the down side they did not come with a carry case
All we got was a screen with a "connecting to wifi" and "testing" and a cursor blinking. Thin, durable, and a high quality. Battery life SUCKS. Great for homework and casual use with flash games and games that do not need more than 4 GB of ram. Nice 14 inch display. I really like working with this Chromebook! There are several versions of the Acer Chromebook 14.
Switched from the pro to Q because it doesn’t use a base station. Video quality is good. The camera provides a decent video but the audio could be better. Everything you want in a security camera. 2-way audio works surprisingly well. Warranty is only 1 year.
I wanted an LED that was reasonably priced with 120Hz refresh rate for games yet with a screen size of 50 inches or less. I am having a hard time with the remote, I am older, so maybe this is the problem. This TV is amazing! The TV itself is just what we expected. The colors are true and accurate right out of the box. The remote control can be confusing for the elderly. Using just the remote control as is it is possible to rotate between TV, Netflix, Amazon and Blu-ray player. I’ve only had this set for a few days, but wow!
If you're looking for an entry level camera that won't break the bank, this is it. I've always loved Nikon point and shoot cameras. It's beautiful and comes with the charging station as well as a wrist strap and battery. Quite easy to navigate, and I love all the features. My only issue with this camera is that the video files are limited to 20 min; even the most basic cell phone can do longer videos.
This design with 360 degree of sound challenges all others. The bass is deep and the mids are clear. Should come with a better warranty. Incredible sound for its size. Love the built in handle. I brought this unit for the 16 hour battery and to hear my music outside which requires it to be loud.
It is time to consider buying a hi-fi player. It is time to consider buying a hi-fi player. Clarity and balance are unparalleled. They are super soft on the ears and block out even a crying baby 5 feet away. Can be a bit snug. Bluetooth connection failed to connect with iPad, iMac and an Android phone. Very nice headphones, work well with the iPhone.
Like the fact that they are tilted to be easier to access. That'll stick to the desk so you can't get it off. Works very well with my Surface Pro 4 providing additional USB 3.0 connections for my devices. Solid little USB hub that included a Velcro tak strip to hole it in place. Does not work with Windows 10. If you have devices that need a little more juice go with a powered strip. Then I got a "not enough power to use USB attachment" on my Surface Pro. After i added a new external hard drive.
This is an excellent, high capacity easy to connect external hard drive for the Xbox One. Plenty of space for extra games. The USB ports are always on for charging, and can be used to add on additional HDDs if you need them. The hard drive is rated for 30 games.
I have owned several digital cameras in the past and never had this problem. Camera does not come with a dedicated battery charger. Pros- price, small size, takes clear pictures, simple to use Cons- slow shutter speed at times, takes a few moments to review pictures, can be too basic
The camera is in perfect shape, as is the lense. I bought it because the specs show that for video and image quality the T5 is pretty much the same as the 7D, and I tend to agree with that. Good camera, user friendly. Using it for a color photography class, very versatile. I got this camera to take pictures of space. It has a built in flash, a variable lens, every shooting mode that its professional sibling, the 6D, has. I got this camera to take pictures of space.
I love this stand. Saves his headphones from being knocked around. -Good for the price. All you need in a headset stand. This headphone stand is the best headphone stand ever, she is beautiful too. -Good for the price.
D-Link DIR-655 is Really the best wireless N router for this price. The D-Link DIR-655 router is great. I especially like the "guest network" feature that allows visitors to use the router (by pressing the button on the router) without disclosing the password and exposing your network. The DIR-655 was a great purchase. USB port will not work with Windows 7.
One of the best budget am4 socket boards in my opinion. The reinforcement on the PCI helps to support heavy GPUs. I'm giving it a three stars due to the fact the board I got was faulty.
This is a FAST scanner. I am constantly grabbing at the pages to keep them in order. Easy to operate. It will work with the most updated IOS. I bought this scanner to replace my Neat Desk Scanner that broke and Neat stop making scanners.
I love this keyboard! With the stand is better. It is not quite convenient in terms of typing, but I agree to ignore it for health. There's a few things that bug me, first is the keyboard and the stand to give the keyboard the arch is an added accessory and an added cost; the second thing that bugs me is that the stand sometime collapse when typing. Awesome love it, very ergonomic, went from the split Microsoft keyboard to this so there wasnt a huge transition. The third minor dislike is the VIP3 attachment - one slight bump of the keyboard and the stand shifts, not very stable at all. Clicking sound when keys are pressed - annoying!
if you need a case I definitely recommend this one It is the best carrying case I have found. Makes it easy to travel. And plenty of space for games. It is nice and sturdy to protect the console and accessories.
Mostly use the computer for music production and gaming and I can't seem to get the processor to even break a sweat. Its a decent processor. This CPU is... Amazing. Fantastic cpu and great value for my money! Good processor no proper heat sink included.
Easy to use,these are for low light not night vision. No night vision! This is an amazing binoculars, super light and compact .The non-slip Grip makes it very comfortable to hold and view. I bought the binoculars to use when visiting Yellowstone for a week, and they worked great. Sharp image. Lightweight and compact. Lightweight and easy to adjust focus and size to fit your face frame. Nice carrying case and neck strap. If you're looking for perfect optics you'll need to spend money.
Or wait, maybe the Amazon description should be accurate? I had the opportunity to test a few devices in a real-world situation over a four day drive acros a few states. App works well with the iPhone. Paired Tom-Tom with mobile phones for hands-free calling in addition to traffic and route assistance. I purchased this GPS device for a three week driving trip to France. Many countries but not worldwide.
I take 3 measurements in a spot with very little variation in numbers. This meter works, but I don't know how accurate it is, since I don't have a reference. But because of the onboarding temperature readout as well as lighting I can see this being useful for people growing "vegetables" in their own little grow ops. Backlit lcd screen seems to be bright enough for uses under bright lights. Simple design, and easy to use. Needs to know how much light the plants are getting.
This is a small, lightweight general purpose all in one camera that produces very high quality images that can be uploaded to social media by linking through a smartphone. Putting a massive sensor in a small camera sure makes a difference! Works well in low light. It is small and easy to shoot a photo. Pros ---------- Produces DSLR quality images Light weight Pocket size Tilt-able built in flash Bright f1.8 aperture for low light shooting Sony standard hot shoe Cable free wifi file transfer to PC and smartphone Live shooting through smartphone screen (Can be used as remote controller range up to 10m from camera) Long lasting battery Cons ---------- Expensive Grip doesn't feel snug in your hand (You can buy the attachment grip from Sony online store for $14.99) Fixed lens (Not interchangeable) If you are using a DSLR with bundle lens kit and not planning to buy more lenses, this will be a perfect replacement. Zoom lens focal length offers a nice range of wide to slight telephoto.
An excellent radio for the price. Easy to use radio. The supplied antenna is good but I do recommend an extended antenna from Nagoya to make better use of the three power settings that is another great feature of the radio. Decent battery life. Also, the belt clip comes unattached. Radio works fine but the charger is worthless.
I have a few 2TB versions as well as this 4TB model. Plug and play. It’s small, light, and simple. Data transfer is quite nimble . Drag and drop capability to save to it is very convenient, if not very security conscious. You really need a usb 3.0 port. Formatted the drive through xbox and reinstalled my games. The quality of the hard drive was extremely disappointing and a waste of money.
So much for sweat and water resistance as advertised by Apple. My favorite feature is the volume control on each earbud. I ordered these because I was only getting less than a hour of listening time from the AirPods. The charging case is terrible.
This is a great camera for people on the go! The image quality is fantastic, the camera is far more compact than my Nikon DSLR's, and the electronic viewfinder is amazing. The body is solid and the controls are small but quite good.
Have been enjoying M558 g1 for a month. You’ll be glad you did. Also it supports home kit so you can do some actions with it I purchased this tv cause I had a lot of friends tell me how long it lasted them. Build quality is great too. Not the case.
For an entry level DSLR this is a good mid level camera. I am in awe of the quality and value that the K-50 represents. The Pentax K-50 was my first foray into dslr photography. Water resistance will very much come in handy. The kit lenses are great and I really appreciate the weather sealing Pentax has engineered at this price point. The menu is user friendly and the camera is generally easy to use. A lot of camera for the price.
from good side: this router handles a lot of devices at the same time. THE GOOD The Asus RT-AC3200 Tri-Band Wireless Gigabit Route has powerful hardware and good performance. The router has many helpful features, including the ability to keep malware from entering your home network, and it can also work as a powerful VPN/NAS server. Love the router. THE BAD It has a bulky, somewhat impractical design and you can't name clients on the IP reservation list anything other than their MAC address.
Cute, and durable. It's rugged and well-made with very sturdy materials. That's not cool. Made of canvas type fabric. This is a very nice vintage messenger bag.
Great sound quality. loud clear sound. high - highs and low - lows. Liked the way the mounts are done on the back. Give them a little time to loosen up and break in before making a final judgement
This HP laptop is a dream . It's lightweight and very easy to set up. !and this is 10th gen i5??? Just received computer today and was very happy to get it up and running. - Battery life is HORRIBLE. Just received computer today and was very happy to get it up and running.
This smart power strip is awesome. With 4 USB and 4 normal outlets, it’s a great addition for everyone. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do. The instructions that come with it are microscopic. Worked right out of the box. Cannot get it to connect to anything. Okay I love this product, and even though I did not like that it did not show the power usage of the devices plugged in, it is a well-made product that does exactly what they say it will do.
You won't regret your purchase. I have a Sony 65" 4K and I love the picture but I am starting to think pushing 4K right now is worthless. It's the best deal you can get for a 4k tv right now. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. This works with my Early 2013 Retina Macbook Pro, but not through the HDMI port, I had to get a Mini-Display Port to HDMI adapter that supported 4k. 4k content looks stunning.
It has two extra spots for hard drives too, one of them being attached to the dvd optical drive though. Meets all of those requirements. Like having 2 HDMI and plenty of USB. Windows 10 installed with Norton Security free for 30 days which is nice since I run Norton already throughout all our systems I just added my key code and it updated the NIS so I scanned system and it came up clean and Wi-Fi is operating flawlessly. Everything works, but the CD/DVD drive is a bit cheesy. I do a lot of multi-tasking and need to be able to go in-between applications as quickly as possible. It's not a administrator account so I can't do anything.
I just installed the Epson WorkForce WF-3540. I just installed the Epson WorkForce WF-3540. Very complicated to install email The 3.5-inch touch-screen display works well with gesture navigation, but its fixed angle inhibits its usability in higher positions
And the drive seems very slow in reading and writing. A few years back you couldn't buy an internal drive like this for this price. Yeah, I bought this back in 2015. Zippy drive that can also write the M-Disc for archival backups. Product was recognized by my laptop and work without a problem. It doesn't skip when I pick it up and shake it which is one thing that I was concerned about. A little gem for an amazingly low price.
Definitely a good upgrade from our last modem router combo, and avoiding the monthly rental fee is awesome. 1160 square feet and the router is placed centrally and in clear view. Only up to 300 mbps. Bumped my speed up to 400Mbps. This is one of the best routers for streaming and online gaming. Easy setup. However, only two Ethernet ports! It is also easy to set up.
This Anker Soundcore FLARE 2 is very loud. Great for the money. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Similar in size to the JBL. Good sound quality, it sounds better if you turn the bass up feature on (in my opinion) and the rgb lights look good, but the soundcore flare mini seems better value at £41.99 and sounds just as good but doesn't get as loud. Easy pairing and love the RGB light show that can be customized with the Soundcore app.
Polk Audio. The Polk PSW111 is our first powered subwoofer. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Using the high level inputs, and a acin tube receiver. Smaller than my JBL and more powerfully... yet no distortion.
