Installed super easy, if I do say so myself.	It's almost too easy to use, so simple any child or elderly person could use it alone.	Makes a TV smart for 30 USD.	This unit gets a little wonky during playbacks.	I use the USB cable and have not had an issue with it losing power.	Like choices, have Apple TV as well and like this so much better.	Overall works for it's current purpose
Simple sleek remote with only the few buttons you actually need.	This was the only one I could find for my less than 2,000 budget.	We don’t need a sound bar for this....very surprised by the audio.	When watching 4K content the colors are so vibrant what’s not to like?	The picture quality is fantastic, it was easy to set up, the sound is perfect for a large living room - no additional sound bar
The ear buds hurt my ears if I wear them too much but are easier to wear when I am lying down or when I want to be less conspicuous.	I ordered the product that is designated for Apple products, but the plug does not fit my Apple iPod or Apple iPad.	If you travel on airplanes a lot then these are for you, the noise cancelling is top notch.	These headphones are great!	I
This is the CPU to have in 2018.	Easy to install.	The improvement over the 4c/4t 6600k I was running at 4.1ghz is substantial, and I can stream in OBS while still pulling full FPS in all my usual games (PUBG, CSGO, etc.).	Everyone wants the k series but overclocking is over rated.	Especially if you want to overclock it	Run this all day at 5.0 ghz and when needed absolute stability at 5.1 ghz
Really disappointed !!	It's a game changer camera.	Since I do a lot of theatre photography, that is really important for me.	The focus was incredibly unreliable as well ad the white balance.	Loved the two AWB settings one typical canon warmth other one with more white biased.	Yes, pricy, but loving this camera!	This camera has totally redefined the 5 D camera line.	However, touch screen, improved AF, intuitive menu and work flow efficiency
However, this monitor is well built and works great.	Thankfully I only use it at my home office 1-2 days a week for a second screen.	The quality is good.	The first day it could be made to work by adjusting the connection, now it won't stay on couple of seconds.	It did occasionally blink out but it was very nice to have.	I have many AOC monitors so I was very disappointed in how
The remote doesn’t work 95% of the time, the tv never can connect to amazon cloud services, and it freezes.	We reached out to Best Buy to resolve this.	It’s easy to navigate.	Integrated remote with Netflix and Prime is great- it’s making my Apple TV unnecessary.	Called amazon and they didn’t seem to care.	I have to switch inputs back and forth a couple times.	Went to an actual brick and mortar store this
The price on here is also almost $120 less than major retailers!	The blue tooth connection is extremely weak.	Apple CarPlay when iPhone is plugged into it.	Easy to install.	Did it right — installed the microphone at my speedometer.	First impressions are good.	Also, sometimes the album art displayed is the one for the previous song.	Amazon says I can't return or exchange after march 1st, how convenient, so out 230 bucks and have
Update the free app all day long.	Lets me take my cable service with the wherever I go.	Other than that, I love having the access - when the weather is good, there are no connectivity problems.	With Slingbox our tv is used less when only one person wants to watch a recorded on the dvr.	We're using it with an older TiVo Premier and everything works great, better than the one I replaced.	Now
After reading the reviews I went and purchased it.	I understand why it's referred to as the nifty fifty and I tend to shoot more with it now than any of my other lenses plus it's light and less cumbersome but the quality of the colors and crispness is amazing.	All I had before this were stock lenses that came with my mom’s canon rebel t4i.	Super sharp.	Beautiful lens.	Great build quality and bokeh,
Also, if you have sensitive inner ear problems, these will cause a horrible sea-sick feeling of nausea and headache.	The headphones are indeed gorgeous, however these don't live up to the technical expectations I had for them.	I had to send these back because the sound quality was uncomfortable.	He wears headphones every day, as he watches films and you tube videos, and I watch tv.	These are very poor for the money.	These are
I am writing this review on my new Chromebook right now!	Easy set up, very fast, great images, and lasting battery life.	I bought this chromebook May 2018.	It might be supported in 2017, listed in Google's web site.	The only problem is that it crashes much more often then I would expect (It crashed during every Facebook Messenger Video Call I've done so far).	Bought this for my husband to replace his desktop PC
Had an issue with the geo-fencing feature where it kept saying the camera didn't have an internet connection - but I verified it did.	Arlo Q does that, and was a breeze to set up.	Great product so far!	Tech support has tried unsuccessfully.	I’m sorry, but this camera was absolutely terrible.	Will definitely be buying more!	One Arlo camera perfectly spans the distance from our rear entrance to our front entrance.	A joke, absolute
Of course, not all 4K content is created equal and some movies/shows are more impressive than others.	E model has had no issues.	This is my first 4k TV.	What I don't like is the slow processor.	Ethernet hardwired input is vey slow, on 200 mbs connection measured about 9 mbs using int browser and spectrum tools.	It made set up really difficult and I was only able to set it up as I had
The lens provided is perfect and retracts to a nice compact size for convenient travel.	I don't know if this camera came thru the grey market but it never worked properly or gave me very good pictures.	First of all I'd like to thank amazon.	Great camera and I am just beginning to learn the capabilities.	But I wanted a camera a bit more user friendly... and the 5300 is much better on that score.
Beats having the Geek guys come and charge $$$$ for porch speakers.	Sadly thats all the good I have to say about this speaker, as its primary function sucks.	I have three other Bose products so I am a little biased.	Two playing together in party mode are very impressive for their size.	Told me new software had to send back for repair so they could download software.	I love the Bose 360 as I
This was a gift for my son in law.	Heavy travelers may want to look elsewhere but for anyone else, these are perfect!	Everything sounds better through these phones.	Good, neutral sound, with a bit of a bass bump, but not much.	These guys are really comfortable to wear, block a lot of outside noise (they are not noise canceling).	In a quiet room you will not be disappointed and I am an audio sound
There's been no noticeable change in USB 3.0 access speed.	I use it daily at work, and it has been a trooper through it all.	Works great.	My desktop's front USB ports are broken.	All of them are probably going to work relatively well.	I almost ordered Velcro, I’m glad I did not as this hub came with a size cut piece that attached it perfectly to the base.	With that, it would be perfect.
Matches the same white as my Xbox and has a lot of space.	Now we can fit tons of games on our external hard Drive.	I gave this as a gift to my boyfriend.	Really needed with so many awesome games coming out.	My Xbox will no longer detect the external hard drive.	Not willing to try this product again.	Games kid fast and play without a problem.	The load times were still the same.
There isn't much difference between any of them.	I am so glad I had it.	I SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED A CANON...	Super easy to take anywhere.	I also have larger digital cameras but this is one of my favorites.	Not as slinky as model after, steady in your hands, while taking pictures, just panarmic not as wide , as model after.	Good luck capturing the moment.	It seems to work good in low light and
Photo quality is great, though I recommend picking up another lens (this one is perfect for beginners like myself).	This'll distract her gor a while!	Better if you get the 50mm lens, a tripod, remote shutter, and of course a bag to keep it safe.	Came earlier than anticipated arrival date and with everything I could possibly need!	Very easy to use (better read the manual for ever detail).	It mounts the same lenses and
I don't really like it, wish I had bought a hanger style headphone mount.	I don't like this thing.	It's excellent.	The foam anti-slip pads they give you for the bottom fall off too easily and leave a very sticky residue on the bottom of the stand.	It helps me remember to actually put the headphones back when I'm done with them, and then I know exactly where they are the next time I want
Thanks great unit	Allows multiple users to all work without losing significant speed.	It seems to work ok, but I would not recommend it due to these quality control issues.	I have one at my home.	That's pretty cheesy and lame.	My is quiet.	Check the web and read forums carefully - this particular model drops wifi connections regularly with items like Samsung Galaxy S4 and iPads.	I connected another modem to the router though
Lousy board and lousy company to rush this crap out.	I've searched google and tried everything there to see at least bios screen, but didn't work.	Speed on.	This worked fine with the AMD AM4 processor I had laying around.	The reinforcement on the PCI helps to support heavy GPUs.	Also bois cant find any 3 pin fans and only the cpu fan connector 4 pin actually works.	I installed the Ryzen 5 1600 and
any thoughts	It's easy to use, scans documents quickly and the driver to upload scanned docs to other programs is simple and fast.	Doesn't look like it would hold up to lots of abuse.	scans amazingly compared to our Neat scanner.	We are constantly scanning everything from Home Depot receipts, to thick 2-sided full-color booklets.	Using the program is not exactly user-dumb but eventually I caught on.	Even with its slow mode, still managed to
I got the VIP3 accessory to go with this keyboard, and use that at the middle (10 degree) setting.	Turns out it's a great product.	The split is a great idea, and it really helped my hunched shoulders and tight chest muscles.	They were too deep to type fast.	Can set one on each arm of my recliner if I wanted.	Think twice before buying this expensive and ineffective product.	I own two for home
I haven’t had any issue fitting everything I had and then some.	My son uses it every we go if it’s on vacation.	Perfect spots for all the accessories and tons of slots for the games.	This product is very nice if you are traveling with your switch to a friends house or hotel.	The case is otherwise perfect for packing pretty much everything.	Almost perfect, but still good enough for five stars.	I bought
This 1st Gen chip will last me many years to come.	Handles anything and everything and can render a HD video at 60fps of the highest quality in a matter of a few minutes.	I love these new gen tech.	Performs well when multitasking.	Great for a mid range gaming rig or everyday use.	It seems a few people did not and are leaving bad reviews because they didn't know this cpu doesn't come with
I gave one pair to my best friend.	I read all the great reviews here which prompted me to pick these binoculars for an upcoming trip to see wildlife.	I use them for bird watching and have not been disappointed.	The quality seems great for the price.	I will be using these for hunting and the small binoculars will be a perfect fit to pack in my bag.	Our 12 yr old got these for
I was nervous about buying this due to the number of reviews which say they had problems setting it up but am pleased to report we found this super easy to set up.	I put the GPS coordinates that were on the webpage but it didn't give me the correct point.	I will buy a Garmin.	Traffic updates do not work with IOS 13.	We have very slow wifi and it still dowloaded them very
That’s info for all the plant growers though.	I am very happy with the build quality of this device, strong durable plastic and the buttons are made of a very nice rubber feels solid when pushed.	Use this to calculate my placement of orchids in their growing area.	Using this to go cube to cube showed that the meter was so useful and the variation by seating area was real!!!	Good device to read different
The camera works fine, I get that I bought a used but it would've been nice to know that then camera won't charge using the micro USB.	If you are on the fence, do it.	Very unreliable and the camera has even been recalled in japan from what some people were saying.	Supposed to Ravenscroft warranty but does not.	I am just blown away by the detail this little camera picks up.	Macro photography only
I GAVE TWO AWAY AS GIFTS TO FRIENDS.	No, but it is a great little knock-around that is easy to carry, easy to use, and doubles as a hand-held commercial FM radio if I need to check the news, listen to some music, or listen to some advertising.	Get the extended batteries.	Easy to program and use.	Despite the clutter of homes and factories in my area, this unit still connects with my other BaoFengs
I unplug it in the AM, after I copy the image stored that previous night.	I used it on my Mac as the Time Machine backup destination.	I had no idea this product was so slim, the looks of it is really nice.	Shame on me for not buying the protection, I guess.	I have dropped it few times, still working.	These drives will not last for ever, but for computer backup or console storage,
Expected much better.	Establishing a connection between two Bluetooth devices.	They stay in even when running.	Very easy to sync to APPLE products, a little tricky when you sync with ANDROID but I got them to sync.	Comfort was ok, and it had a decent seal .	So much better than my air pods.	I found the second largest give me the best bass.	They weren't for me though and I sent them back.	I
Best choice I've made.	I've been eyeballing this camera for years and it has proven to be even better than expected.	I like manual control and find the dials on this camera very easy to understand and use.	Great camera.	Switched over from Nikon.	Way more photo power than I need.	Not really suitable for a family, only a enthusiast with some training.	Saving my pennies.	In looking for a small light weight camera to
We were very excited to get our new TV however when it came the box was damaged on both sides with large gashes ( I have pictures).	It's hard to hear and you have to turn it up to 45-50 to hear some channels.	Paying this much for a tv I can’t even use half the time is just devastating.	Set up was easy and fairly quick.	The setup was exhilarating.	Since changing that power
Getting just the body gives you choices as to what lens set up you want to use.	Love the photos I made with it.	Sometimes it creates a funny color effect on the pictures.	Takes amazing pictures.	For the price, this camera is everything you would need to begin your photography hobby.	Got a lot of positive comments on the color too.	This is my first Digital SLR and I am very pleased with it.
Don’t waste your time with this unit if you aren’t comfortable running the open source Asuswrt-Merlin firmware.	Doesn't beat tp-link or netgear.	I debated buying anything over 80 dollars insisting that the routers that had five stars at that price range were sufficient.	Too big and cumbersome with awkward antenna positions.	This performs well even around corners and through walls.	Do yourself a favor, don't waste your money, and avoid Asus entirely.	Just go into
I love this product because it's large.	This was an excellent purchase.	Quailty bag.	I really like this messenger bag.	Love this!	I bought for my husband and loved it at first.	My only concern is that I bought the large size and it seems smaller than I expected.	I can easily fit two textbooks, notepad and my 11" chromebook, with room to spare.	Definitely a great investment.	Ordered this for my daughter, wish I
Easy to wire.	I have these in a 2.1 setup powered by a 100W receiver.	I use these in my office a they work very very good.	Did make a difference after sound calibration.	Much better than the more expensive speakers I replaced.	Easy to install.	I like them so much, I bought a second pair after the sale went off.	I highly recommend spending 2x the money and buying JBL of Klipsch.	I have
I tried but could not find a way to adjust the color settings on the laptop.	I feel it is slightly overpriced, but maybe that’s just my own opinion.	It is very fast, the screen is fantastic.	PC battery drains within 5 hours after it is fully charged.	I tried to replace or return, and only God knows where they are now.	This is NOT using it for watching movies or all day use.	Great
Very nice to be downstairs and be able to preheat the bed upstairs.	Too much current draw?	My heater, lava lamp, humidifier and mosquito catcher are all hooked up to it.	I will be buying more as needed.	After moving, I can not get it to connect to the WiFi.	I was very pleased with the device until it stopped working.	I have three in my home.	But it works, and I love it.	I
The digital coaxial doesnt work and you are left with the headphones connector as output.	The best part is that we only watch this TV when we watch a movie.	Pretty upsetting.	The picture is supreme.	Too bad - so much potential!	The picture is fantastic.	they work very well.	Comes with HDMI cable.	Maybe it's a good TV but not a good monitor.	No regrets other than the tuner.	It's been tested with different
Would not always reconnect and never for more than a minute.	When I bought this computer it seemed to already have a virus, which I had to pay to have cleaned up.	It had Norton and Dropbox offers on it at boot.	Product as advertised.	Very economical computer.	The price was also very agreeable.	I bought it in October 2019.	bought alone, they would be $200 or $300 but because it's packaged and retail in
Removed packing tape(s), loaded paper tray, installed ink and followed the on screen prompts for setup.	My spouse had no trouble printing wirelessly from a pc in the other room...	The actual price of this printer is reasonable.	I found this one and I have to say it is pretty nice.	Quick Book/Intuit users - DO NOT BUY!!	Faxes and scans just as great.	I just installed this printer.	This is a thousand times better
After using this drive for a while now, I recommend and use it as well for any external solution from your mac mini to your co-located server.	I won't return it because it is not worth the effort.	It's so sad that laptops don't really have disk drives anymore.	Easy to install and works like a charm!	At least it gets the job done (though at a painfully slow pace).	I was so excited to
Overall this is a great product.	Great buy and saved me a monthly modem rental from Xfinity and did not even use a tech to install this product!	We're also gamers and this guy allows us to play MMO's without issue.	wifi connected for about 15 minutes then disconnected... like wtf LMFAO.	I had to call cox to connect this one since it will not do it automatically online through the install process.	Installed it
- Power button is on the top so its easier to turn on compared to the first which has it on the back.	You'd think they'd be as easy as turn on and use.	Although any dance track is amazing out of these.	Now, only one of them is working properly.	Similar in size to the JBL.	Great for the money.	this is greate speaker.	Maybe this is why Anker/Soundcore opted to show photos of
Ended up sending back as the little extra bit of lows and volume did not make up the size of the unit.	Very nice!	One thing to note and to keep an eye on is the price....	I have a small room with some small bookshelf speakers.	But when listen to music you need set the volume be over half then you can feel difference.	Basically my receiver was auto-shutting off because the speakers couldn't
