Probably won't win any head to head reviews against the other options, but its a great proce and will stream all the typical channels. What more do you need?.
The picture is amazing! The set up was so easy, I did it all from my phone.
Excellent. I’m comparing this to the Bose on ear headphones and this cancels noise better. I’m a frequent flyer and like to disappear during flights. This helps me get into another zone whether it’s listening to electro-house or watching the latest movies while flying. Highly recommend it!
Can't overclock it as much as I'd like. But that probably has more to do with my cooler than the processor, but it is great and just know what you need.
I upgrade from a rebel camera to a 5d and I m so happy of this choise. I was hesitate between the new 6d and 5d but the quantity of focus point is very important for me.
Perfect for on-site work at places where a second monitor is not available. Just fits in backpack; had to remove some unnecessary junk to make room (that's a good thing!)
I have had this tv for about two years and the quality has been bad. The picture brightness starts off well at startup and after about an hour it goes completely dim. I have to shut off the tv and restart it in order to get the brightness back to normal. Whenever I pause any show/ movie the sound goes away. I have to exit the app and restart it any time I pause or fast forward or rewind. A bit frustrating. Will not buy toshiba
This stereo was easy to install and easy to pair with my phone. The microphone works great even over an old diesel engine. This is a good value for the money.
This was an experiment. Works as expected. Could be faster and cheaper.
Haven't had the full chance to go get some really tough shots with it, but the bokeh is super creamy, it manages to add great depth and make your subject really stand out. The detail is unbelievable and the pictures all come out crisp and smooth. I do recommend opening up your aperture more for bigger subjects as the lens could blur out the edges. The stepping motor is very very loud though, but that doesn't really bother me. For the money, this lens is totally worth the investment from hobbyists to pros.
Super comfortable, amazing battery life, excellent sound - very impressed by these.
definitely larger than my cb3 acer but much nicer. the trackpad had some play but i disassembled it and shimmed the mounts so it is solid now.
Netgear won't allow more than 5 cameras per account. That's a joke. product isn't reliable either, out of my 5 current cameras, 1-2 is always off.
Sony is the best! All I have to do plug it in and it is all ready to go with my other Sony devices
Great for the price! Honestly I don't know too much about cameras yet; my intro to photo professor recommended this camera as the most affordable of professional cameras. Pretty user friendly. Takes great photos!
Beautiful clear sound. We do phone conferences, connect it to our TV, and have dance parties. This little thing packs a punch! Very pleased.
Sound great with little boom. I wish it came with little better cable for wired connection.
I really like the fact that this has a 2-foot cable so it can extend to the top of my pc. Data transfer speeds using this hub is indeed super fast. I now have enough usb ports :)
It didn't last at all, I accidentally dropped it from my desk and it just popped open. I easily closed it up but there were pieces moving inside of it when you shake it and when I plugged it up to my Xbox it never appeared so I guess it's great, just don't drop it!
Returned camera - could not perform the simple task of transferring pis to my iPhoto library without out requiring the camera's internet connection
Bought for my son who is learning photography. He loves it!
This stand is amazing for the price. I currently have two and use them to hold my Wireless Razer Thresher and PS Gold Headsets. My only problem is it's not always the easiest to get the headphones back on the stand based on the design. Minor issue and it's not necessarily difficult, it's just not as easy since you have to fit them perfectly around the shape so they don't risk falling off.
Great router and iv'e tried several of them...has YET to give me a problem. Like this brand/model much better than my cisco or link system.
Works better than anticipated The up ports don't match the page tho. Simple fix however, trial and error
I reviewed this scanner favorably shortly after buying it. Two months of use later, I find it even greater. I found today that the TWAIN driver has the sophistication to (reasonably) accurately rotate pages to the correct orientation for reading. Custom Paper sizes can be set and reused for non-standard documents. Its speed and auto-duplexing surpass the professional Fujitsu SCSI scanner it replaced, at 1/8 of what the Fujitsu scanner cost.This scanner continues to impress me.
I was suffering from shoulder issues... I am a Java developer and a weight lifter and my shoulders where getting really cranky i assumed it was from the weight lifting but it turned out to be me using a conventional keyboard... Having very broad shoulders forces you to round them when typing, using the Kinesis i can space my keyboard out and type with less rounding of the shoulders... This is not a knock on the keyboard but its almost useless without the addons that allow you to tilt it up... the keyboard itself sits flat on your desk without it and that is painful to type on...
This case fit all of my Switch items perfectly! I wanted a case that would allow me to take the whole setup to friends houses, and this did the job perfectly! I also loved the little details in the seams being red and white, like my other Nintendo Switch "official" smaller case. Overall, a great case. I would purchase again.
quality for price has been great. keep scrolling if you want technical jargon. It works smoothly in my build.
Received these binoculars and love everything about them, they are lightweight and easy to focus. I bought them for some birdwatching out my office window, (I work from home). They are great, I wanted the get high power and compact and these deliver! These will also be great for back-packing and sporting events, won't even know they are in your bag.
Good stuff it works great and takes you there whenever you don’t have phone signal
I use it for my plants to make sure they get enough light, so far so good, like it
I bought a less expensive Cyber Shot---Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX30V ---but couldn't get the software to work. The camera itself was great, but I wanted the wireless share feature, and the Playmemories. So I sent it back for a refund. Got this one, same thing happened. So took it to my professional computer tech and he couldn't make it work either. At least I didn't feel so dumb. It's a shame, the camera itself is beautiful! And takes unbelieveable pictures.....if you want to just use it as a camera and connect it to an online photo album service like Picassa. But, again, I wanted the wireless features. I'm going back to Canon. Shouldn't have left it in the first place!
I had to return this item because it had lots of static noise. I asked the company and they recommended me to buy an extended antenna. My friends who I traveled with all had the cheaper version and they worked great without buying an extended antenna.
Drive was used for PS4 expansion storage. Failed roughly after 1.5 years of use for what appears to be no particular reason. Looking around online it would appear that more and more of these complaints are arising, though I can't speak to the volume of drives so it may be a vocal minority. 5 months out of warranty of course.
Great audio, great calls for sound quality. I would love to leave five stars but two things urk me. One they did not include a wall adapter, I had to purchase one separate to charge them (for the amount of money include the darn wall charger) Two is the case after wearing them a court of times the case cannot close right, so the headphones stay connected unless the case is fully closed. Major flaw there.
Does everything my Canon 50D can do and I am able to carry it everywhere with ease. Love this camera.
What like about this TV is that it give everything you can ask for at a great price. What I don't like is that the smartcast sometimes seem sluggish an unresponsive but overall the M558-G1 punches way above its weight.
Love this DSLR Camera. I read the manual every other day its a lot to take it. I am patient guy. Its fun to read and learn new things.
Upgraded from AC 2400. Significantly improved coverage area and speed. Love the control app that lets you monitor performance on your cell phone
Love this bag . great size , very tough bag.
I purchased these T50s and the T30 center speaker for my home entertainment center. I am one happy camper. It's been a long time since I've heard such beautiful, full sounds. I purchased the Yamaha RX-481 A/V receiver to go with the speakers and have Alexa connected. Such fun to be able to hear music as it should be!
I’ve had this laptop for several months now and haven’t had a single problem. It’s slim, lightweight and fast. The battery life is probably around 4 hours. Some people Complained about the fan. It does turn on occasionally but has never been excessively loud or problematic in any way. Very good deal for the price.
I bought this to run a TV, PS4, and a few other media devices in my basement. The app works just fine - Alexa support is good. My kids are the primary people using the devices in the basement. They have a bad habit of not turning devices off. I can now remotely turn the devices off from my bedroom. I can also kill the power if they are being cut off from devices. Thumbs up!
I bought this tv for my son.If he is happy , then I am happy. It has a lovely picture.
Just set it up and so far, so good. Much faster than my two-yr-old Dell. My only complaint is the lack of an indicating light to show hard drive read/write activity
We don't print a ton - but have had to replace the ink multiple times, and its not exactly cheap!
This was a GREAT drive for as long as I had it. Very slim and took up very little room. My apartment was broken into and it was stolen only a week after owning it, but for that 1 WEEK IT WAS GREAT!
This was not easy to install - I had to be on tech support with xfinity for a total of 8 hours. The WiFi only works within a radius of maybe a yard / 1 meter and any further it drops significantly. Once I’m about 10 feet from it, the 2G signal is so bad on my phone I have to resort to 4G. I thought purchasing this item would be more efficient than purchasing the modem and router separately but sadly I was mistaken. Do not purchase this product.
Paired with my phone easily and works excellently. No issues with battery life so far.
Great match with small PSB’s. Sound is deep and rich without being overbearing. Outstanding value.
