Powered by TV so you can use it anywhere. Can be controlled through the Roku app. Good WiFi connectivity with an HDMI port that provides extra options. Easy, fast setup and good selection of streaming stations. Has to be physically attached to the TV. Some units unpredictably drop WiFi	The Express delivers everything good about Roku for a rock-bottom price, but it's worth spending a bit extra on a faster streamer. The Roku Express is cheap, easy to use and loaded with streaming apps. It's slower, especially with Netflix, than alternatives that cost just a few bucks more	The Express is Roku's least expensive media streamer yet, though its low price comes at the cost of performance. But for $30, it's pretty impressive. Inexpensive. Lots of streaming media services and apps thanks to the Roku Channel Store. Private listening with the Roku app. Choppy, sluggish menu navigation. Infrared remote requires line of sight
A close contender for our top selection; a good choice if you want a smart Samsung TV with QLED viewing. Generous 65-inch screen is satisfying for even avid TV enthusiasts. 4K resolution with QLED technology equal an amazing viewing experience with lifelike image quality. TV is easy to set up, and remote is easy to use. Slim build. Interface is somewhat complicated to navigate. Price is higher but not out of line considering the amazing colors and contrasts	Excellent 4K image quality in a model that gives you four different size options, all at a great price. Very helpful smart capabilities simplify operation. Includes Ambient Mode, so you can personalize the screen when you're not watching TV. Screen sizes available between 55 and 82 inches. Extremely high level of contrast for true black display. Helpful cable organizer. You may need to run firmware upgrades to make the most of the smart options	This flat UltraHD model packs a few extras like a voice-activated search and art displays. High dynamic range makes darks darker and bright colors brighter. Ambient Mode allows you to display art, push data such as weather or sports scores, or play music in the background. Multiple HDMI inputs. Interface has annoying extras such as Samsung TV and movie content, ads, and apps
These headphones are your best option if you're looking for noise-cancelling earbuds, but they are pricey. Noise-cancelling earbuds. Available in black or white. Stay Hear tips keep earbuds in your ears while maximizing comfort. Impressive sound quality. Carrying case included. These are expensive for earbuds, so you should only buy them if you're going to use them often	Despite some downsides, including a high price, the Bose QuietComfort 20 offers the best noise-canceling in an in-ear headphone and should tempt frequent travelers looking for a more compact alternative to a full-size NC headphone, such as the Bose QuietComfort 15. The Bose QuietComfort 20 and 20i are compact in-ear headphones that sound good, are very comfortable to wear, and offer surprisingly impressive noise cancellation. The noise cancellation is powered by an integrated rechargeable lithium battery that delivers up to 16 hours of battery life. Expensive. they don't sound as good as many competing in-ear headphones in this price range. rechargeable battery isn't replaceable	The Bose QuietComfort 20 is a giant leap forward for noise cancellation earphones, and easily the most effective pair we have tested thus far. The best noise cancellation circuitry on the market. Rich bass response and crisp highs. Comfortable, secure fit. Works in passive mode. Sound signature is very sculpted, and not for purists. Light on accessories like extra eartips
An amazing Intel processor that's ideal for playing video games and streaming HD videos. Seamlessly play video streams in ultra high-definition (UHD). Empowers you with up to 12-way multitasking support. Features Intel Turbo Boost technology for fast, efficient performance. Boasts graphics dynamic frequency up to 1,200 MHz. Includes 2 memory channels. Code error sometimes occurs, reducing processor's speed. More expensive than similar Intel processors	The best computer processor for a noticeable all-around speed and performance boost. Maximum 4.7 gigahertz speed offers plenty of performance for gaming and computer graphics programs. Two memory channels. Features Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0. Compatible with many modern motherboards. Processor requires extra cooling to prevent overheating	Expensive CPU, but it's designed to deliver maximum performance levels for high-end computing needs. Six-core processor that can run at up to 4.7GHz when in turbo mode. Will easily handle high-end applications like gaming, VR, and video processing without suffering dips in performance. Gives you the latest technologies in a CPU. Occasional problems with shipping control quality. More expensive than many CPU chips
A top-of-the-line DSLR that takes superb photos and video and includes an articulating touchscreen that users love. Superb autofocusing features, including a Servo AI mode that can track a subject as it moves across the scene. Users also loved the ability to transfer photos wirelessly as well as the onscreen assistance for the camera's various modes. Expensive. Some users complained that they had difficulty getting a sharp viewfinder image	Designed for advanced photographers, this exquisite camera offers everything the professional would need. The best on the market. A wide array of professional-grade features. Exceptional image quality. No built-in flash. Complex operation may be difficult for amateurs to navigate. Expensive, but you get what you pay for	The Canon EOS 5D Mark IV balances resolution and shooting rate, making it an ideal camera for professional photographers. 30MP full-frame image sensor. Fast 61-point autofocus system. 7fps continuous shooting. Unlimited JPG shooting buffer. Pro-grade build. Dual Pixel AF Live View focus system. 3.2-inch touch screen. Integrated GPS and Wi-Fi. CF and SD card slots. Cropped 4K video. Clean HDMI output is 1080p only. Dual Pixel Raw function slows camera and offers limited benefits. 4K video files are quite large. Omits in-body flash
The AOC E1659Fwux is a highly portable USB monitor that delivers a crisp 1080p picture and accurate colors. Thin, lightweight cabinet. Sharp 1080p picture. Accurate colors. Narrow viewing angles. Weak gray-scale performance in testing	The AOC E1659Fwu is an affordable 15.6-inch portable USB 3.0 monitor that lets you take your multi-screen setup on the road. Its color accuracy is off, but it delivers a sharp picture and is easy to tote around. USB 3.0. Streamlined design. Affordable. Sharp image quality. Reflective screen. Skewed color accuracy
This smart LCD TV is a reasonably well priced set that comes with Fire TV built in. Fire TV provides streaming channels. Voice controls can go through your Alexa device. 4K picture quality. Includes automatic software updates. Full control over TV settings. Set-up is easy. A great choice for Amazon Prime members. Basic audio package works well. While set-up is fairly simple, there are few printed instructions that come with this model	Offers nice features at a low price. If you are a fan of Fire devices, it's definitely worth a look. Features built-in Fire that provides easy access to numerous apps as well as Alexa compatibility. Offers three HDMI inputs and isn't too difficult to set up. Decent picture quality. A few owners gripe about it having a tendency to drop WiFi connection. Sound has a "tinny" quality to it, so you will need to add speakers or a soundbar if you like bass
Pioneer's NEX line delivers an outstanding experience with Apple CarPlay, and the EQ settings let you customize the sound so it's just right. An incredible value for iPhone owners. Outstanding audio quality, a built-in DVD player, full support for Apple CarPlay, and a low price make this an excellent choice. Lack of support for Android Auto makes this a tough sell for Android phone owners. The software update process is lengthy and complicated	The best option for adding aftermarket Apple CarPlay to vehicles. Large 6.2" WVGA touchscreen display. Can integrate with backup camera and steering wheels. Features clear microphone for calls or Apple Siri access. Issues with AppRadio. Lacks second USB port
The $150 Slingbox M1 brings TV streaming to nearly any mobile device, PC, or Mac, now with the convenience of built-in Wi-Fi. The affordable Slingbox M1 streams video from your TV or DVR (or any analog source) to your PC, tablet, smartphone, and some streaming boxes at resolutions up to full 1080p HD. IR blasters are built into the box's body, eliminating the need for annoying extra external wires. There are no monthly charges or fees and setup is even easier thanks to built-in dual-band Wi-Fi. Smartphone- and tablet-viewing apps cost extra. It duplicates some of the features found on TV anywhere apps you may already be using. No HDMI support. As always, streaming capabilities are only as good as your home bandwidth	If you want to watch live TV on your mobile devices, the Slingbox M1 is the most affordable place-shifting device yet, even if you need to pay extra for the apps. Affordable. Smooth, sharp picture. Easy to set up. Integrated Wi-Fi. Mobile apps cost extra. Slingbox and connected HDTV can only watch one channel at a time between them. Lacks HDMI connectivity
A solid lens with quick, sharp focus. Great for action shots, portraits, and low-light photography. An exceptional lens with a 50 mm stepping motor (STM) that's very fast and very quiet. Wide focusing ring is easy to operate quickly. Compact with a fixed focal length. Ideal for everyday photography. A small amount of users have had defective metal lens mounts	Excellent image quality in a prime lens for a low price. Offers large aperture for gorgeous portrait photo results; but it has some limitations. Extremely versatile with a desirable price point. Quiet auto-focus performance. Works especially well for portrait photography. Small lens takes up little room in the bag. No zoom capability will frustrate some photographers. Some longevity concerns
While it's not feature loaded, the Beoplay H4's sound quality and comfort level earn it the right to be in the conversation if you're considering a full-size Bluetooth headphone for around $300. The B&O Play by Bang and Olufsen H4 is a very comfortable, excellent-sounding Bluetooth headphone with decent battery life. It doesn't come with a carry case and has a small annoying quirk with the power button as well as an expensive price for a headphone with no active noise-cancellation	The B&O Beoplay H4 headphones deliver a wonderful Bluetooth audio experience and look particularly good doing it. Excellent audio performance with bright, detailed highs and deep, rich bass. Exceptionally comfortable over-ear fit. Handsome design with luxurious materials. Light on accessories
Excellent Chromebook with a large display screen and a desirable price point. Body of the laptop consists of aluminum, which allows for durability and a lightweight unit. Offers up to 12 hours of battery life. Includes 32 GB of SSD storage. Full HD resolution in a 14-inch display screen, which is not common in Chromebooks. Works with both 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi bands. Lacks some processing power versus standard laptops	Offers a 14-inch screen, which is a nice feature to find in a low-priced Chromebook model. Features an all-aluminum chassis. Lightweight design that also has some toughness. Very good battery life for working all day. Full HD display screen that measures 14 inches diagonally. Nice solid state drive capacity size of 32 GB. Chromebook design won't be powerful enough for some people's needs
Single camera setup that's reasonably priced because it doesn't require a separate base station. Great video quality at full HD resolution. Single camera provides a 130° view and good performance level. Includes night vision, an important feature for a security camera. Includes 2-way audio, so you can speak to someone who's near the camera. Only 1 camera included, which may not meet your security needs	If you want a simple, straightforward indoor home security camera with top-of-the-line DIY specs and free cloud storage, Netgear's new Arlo Q is a safe bet. The Netgear Arlo Q is responsive and reliable, with a 1080p HD resolution, motion and sound alerts, two-way talk, night vision, activity zones and free 7-day event-based cloud storage (you can pay a monthly fee for continuous recording, as needed). Netgear is behind the curve in terms of third-party integrations -- it doesn't currently have any -- and you can't log into the same account on more than one device at the same time. Both the Web and mobile apps could use a design update and the camera itself doesn't feel especially durable compared to its main competition, Nest Cam
Want great viewing with bold colors in a mid-size model with a reasonable price? You'd have a hard time finding a Sony TV that has more to offer when it comes to features and value. In addition to its 4K resolution, this TV is compatible with Alexa and produces a nice motion rate thanks to the X-Motion Clarity. 49-inch screen is just right for many consumers' needs — neither too large nor too small. Mid-range price. Software updates can take a while, which can be frustrating. Occasional lag is possible. A few TVs arrived damaged	If you want to experience the superior resolution that 4K offers in a Sony model, this one falls just shy of a grand. Provides colors and contrasts that grab one's attention. Delivers fast refresh rate and has Alexa compatibility. 49-inch screen size is perfect for rooms that don't have a lot of extra space. Some reports of damage upon delivery. Software updates and lag can interfere with TV viewing and gaming
This is an excellent, affordable entry-level camera that is compatible with the whole family of Nikon accessories (including a Wi-Fi adapter). Point-and-shoot automatic features produce great results in most situations. Customers are happy with its very sharp photos with great color, as well as superb low light capabilities. Advanced controls are clumsy to navigate. Video capabilities are limited and some users complain about poor sound quality	Very good photo quality for its class plus decent performance make the Nikon D3300 A solid choice for a first dSLR. The Nikon D3300's photo quality improves on its predecessor, and while it's not incredibly fast it performs pretty well for its price class. The feature set remains pretty limited
Exceptionally versatile speaker with 360-degree immersive sound. The bass packs a punch for a compact speaker, and the mids and trebles are crystal clear. A super-sleek design with a simple control interface. Notable for its water-resistant construction. Built-in speakerphone allows you to take calls. The 16-hour battery life can become frustrating for some	Bose's expensive SoundLink Plus is arguably the best-sounding Bluetooth speaker for its size. The sleek Bose SoundLink Plus Bluetooth speaker sounds excellent for its compact size, has a built-in handle for easy transport and is water-resistant. Battery life is good at 16 hours, there's a threaded tripod mount on the bottom of the speaker and an integrated microphone for speakerphone calls. Expensive, and the cradle that makes charging easier is an optional $30 accessory
Wired headphones  with frequency range 10 hertz to 20 kilohertz, designed more like a hi-fi speaker than typical headphones. This series by B&W features a driver designed more like a hi-fi speaker than headphones, i.e. consistent volume of air around drive units, for more accurate, clear, and balanced sound. Detachable ear pads made of quality sheep's leather, cover ear completely and block out external sound. Can be folded for compactness and stored or carried in included quilted case. There were a few complaints about Bluetooth connectivity with the wireless model. Comfort issues with the headset over longer periods of listening	The Bowers & Wilkins P7 may not the best headphone you can buy in its luxury price range, but it certainly is among the best, with excellent build quality and rich sound that works well with a wide range of music genres and sources. The Bowers & Wilkins P7 offers impressive build quality, good comfort, and smooth, rich, well-balanced sound in an over-the-ear headphone design that shuts out a lot of external noise. The earpads are removable and there's an extra cable with a built-in mic and volume control that turns the P7 into an Apple-friendly headset, and a protective carrying case. Expensive. leather earpads will cause your ears to get steamy on warmer days. some remote features may not work with Android or Windows devices
Could not be easier to setup and use. Extremely small so you can take the four ports anywhere. Provides USB 3.0 connection for 5Gbps transfer speeds. Includes a Velcro strip that will keep the hub in place. Works with Windows, Mac, and Linux systems. Costs a little more than other hubs, but delivers strong quality in a portable unit. Not enough power to charge tablets. Not recommended to run external hard drives	An advanced USB data hub that emphasizes performance in a small package. Long 2' USB cable offers more reach and position flexibility than most other small options. Aluminum construction is durable compared to common, cheap plastics. Sleek look with no screws or seams. Included Velcro to strap USB hub down is difficult to remove from hard surfaces
A gaming-specific external hard drive designed for the whole range of Xbox consoles. Two terabyte options (2TB and 4TB) offer plenty of space for installing games, apps, and files. Can be used with multiple Xbox consoles. The noise level of the hard drive is louder than most other options	A unique storage solution from Seagate for the Xbox gaming platform to extend the storage capacity. Plugs directly into the Xbox 360 and Xbox One gaming consoles without the need for additional upgrades or a power cable. Can store programs, saved game files, and downloaded applications. The hard drive is loud when transferring data to and from the Xbox console. May require initial formatting
A nicely priced digital camera in this category for basic trips and adventures. Comes with a variety of helpful, beginner-friendly features such as optical image stabilization, panorama shooting, and several image effects and filters. The autofocus can take a few moments to resolve the image when photographing people and small objects	Simple features and an easy set up make this an option for someone wanting a straight-forward camera. A great price for a reliable camera with good quality. Features like panorama shooting, image stabilization, and advanced flash make this camera much more useful than expected for the price. Fun image picture effects (like "Toy Camera" and "Pop Color") add personality to photos. A very simple camera that might not be worth the price unless this is what you want
Ideal for beginning photographers and those new to DSLR, this user-friendly camera is the best budget model available. Fantastic image quality. User-friendly features. Can change lenses/settings - very versatile. Affordable price. No built-in WiFi capabilities. Some features lag behind its competitors	The Canon EOS Rebel T5 sports an attractive price tag, but you can get a better entry-level SLR for a little bit more money. Includes optically stabilized lens. Raw shooting support. Detailed images at high ISOs. 1080p video capture. On-screen shooting guide. Fixed LCD. Pentamirror viewfinder. Slower autofocus. Burst shooting limited to 3fps. Small buffer when shooting Raw. No microphone input
Buyers love this stand for its unique and contemporary design, though it also showcases a sturdy build with quality materials. Boasts a universal headphone fit that prevents headphones from being bent or creased. Bottom sponge pads provide stability for the piece. Option to purchase in a transparent construction. A popular model for gamers. Many buyers complained the price was too expensive for the quality, though they still appreciated the product's functionality	The minimalist design and low cost make the AmoVee the perfect addition to any desk. The AmoVee feels durable, despite the low cost. The slim design doesn't take up much space, and pairs well with any desk layout. Adhesive rubber padding attached to the legs prevents sliding. The stand advertises as universal and can hold up any headset with ease. It takes 2 hands to properly remove the headset from the stand
With the latest firmware update, the D-Link DIR-655 is arguably one of the best among single-band Wireless-N routers on the market. The D-Link DIR-655 offers decent throughput performance and stable wireless signal. The router has an intuitive and responsive Web interface, support for Gigabit Ethernet and guest networking, and an extensive set of networking features. The DIR-655 doesn't have dual-band support. Its SharePort USB port can work with only one computer at a time	This fast wireless router comes with Gigabit LAN ports and has many features, including QoS monitoring, but the complex interface may intimidate some. Fast (thanks to Gigabit Ethernet LAN ports) and feature-rich. Confusing Web administration interface
The best budget-friendly gaming motherboard from ASUS that offers a good amount of performance. Strategically placed thermal sensors help to regulate airflow and cooling across the board, preventing any parts from overheating during major gameplay. Connected ram may fail to reach full speed due to the included firmware	A budget ASUS motherboard for gamers wanting an affordable desktop setup. Computer processor mount can support processors with up to 8 cores. Built-in LAN connection offers better internet connectivity and speed for multiplayer gaming. Driver updates can take time to install when using the motherboard for the first time
A fast, durable machine that's designed to work best with online storage accounts. Easily send scanned pages to online storage. Easy to install software. Works with WiFi. Requires extra work to rename and relocate scanned PDFs	The Wi-Fi networkable Epson ES-500W scans and saves to searchable PDF faster than several of its entry-level competitors, but mediocre OCR accuracy diminishes its overall value. Fast scanning and saving to PDF. Comes with document and business card management software. Supports Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct, and NFC. High daily duty cycle for the price. Below average OCR accuracy
If you are brave, you will grow to like this keyboard style. Unfortunately, buying the stand and keypad can get expensive. However, in terms of pure quality, this device has it. Innovative design. When used with its adjustable stand, it becomes extremely customizable, making it very ergonomic. The stand to elevate the keyboard and the side number pad are sold separately. Left hand quick access keys are hardcoded	A unique split-style keyboard that is well suited for on-the-go use. A small profile and light weight makes it extremely mobile. The split design allows you to position each half for the best angle with each hand. Built-in Windows compatibility with dedicated control keys. Doesn't have the same curves and contours as other ergonomic options
If you need a case to carry your Switch and plenty of accessories, this is your best option. This EVA shell carrying case is the best choice for carrying your Switch and its accessories, including the dock. The inner compartments make it easy to store and remove your console and accessories. Holds two Joy-Cons and plenty of games. The case holds the console and accessories somewhat loosely, so they may move around if the case is tilted	A decently priced hard shell carry case with plenty of room for all your gaming essentials. Ideal for keeping your gear protected and organized. Accommodates a full Nintendo Switch gaming system and accessories, including room for one pro controller. Boasts 18 game cartridge slots. Shock-absorbing EVA shell keeps contents safe from splashes, dust, knocks, and falls. Soft inner lining prevents scratches. Can be carried by the easy-grip handle or with the detachable shoulder strap. Accessory cutouts aren't quite as snug as we'd like. Adjustable shoulder strap could be longer
The computer processor to choose when you want a small upgrade in performance for general computer use. Good value with a decent boost in speed and performance. Advanced Zen architecture. Some purchase options include compatible motherboards if a total CPU and motherboard replacement is necessary. No heat sink is included	As long as unmatched 1080p gaming isn't the main objective for your build, it's hard to beat the high clock speeds, thread and core count, and overall performance of AMD's Ryzen 5 1600X CPU for the price. Great price for a six-core, 12-thread chip. Beats even the pricier Core i7-7700K when using all cores on some tests. Lags behind the equivalent Intel chips for 1080p gaming. No stock cooler included
Easy-to-use binoculars that aren't affected by rain or low-light conditions. Low-level night vision. Anti-slip grip. Waterproof. Sharp image quality. Lightweight and portable. Easy to adjust to fit your eyes and to focus. Carrying case and strap. Not ideal if you're looking for a product with a long range	Compact and fairly durable at their price point, new users may have trouble setting up these binoculars. Very light and compact, fitting easily in one hand. Can handle bumps, jolts, and drops from waist height. Clear focus out to 200+ yards. Textured surface makes binoculars easy to hold in wet conditions. Some drag in the focus wheel when adjusting. Instructions are confusing and difficult for new users
Fast signal acquisition and excellent accuracy, but some owners feel the learning curve is steeper than it should be. 3D images provide a more recognizable “real world” view. Touch and voice controls work well. Hands-free calling feature. Compatible with Siri and Google Now. Must link to smartphone for traffic data, but not all phones are compatible	With full smartphone connectivity, and worldwide lifetime maps, it’s the complete package. This TomTom unit has all of the special features you'd expect for the price tag. It has TomTom’s largest available screen at 6 inches, free lifetime traffic updates, free lifetime world maps, and voice control. The TomTom Traffic feature can be difficult to access through the interface at times, making it less useful than it could be
Fits in a pocket and provides instant luminosity measurements. Reviews rave that this meter works especially well for set design and other indoor spaces. Effectively measures temperature and UV strength as well. Features color LCD screen. Lightweight and easy to carry. May need to adjust thermometer calibration	A versatile light meter that makes lighting an area easier than other meter options. Large screen is big enough to display multiple readings at the same time. Reads ambient temperature in addition to the surrounding luminosity levels. Integrated thermometer can arrive out of calibration, throwing off inaccurate readings by several degrees
Excellent photo quality for small, fixed lens camera, thanks to the high quality image sensor. Includes a 1-inch image sensor and 20.9 megapixels of resolution, providing great photographs in a small camera. RX100 Mark II works great in low light shooting situations. Tiltable LCD screen makes it convenient to shoot odd-angle photos. Includes built-in Wi-Fi and NFC connectivity options. Small 3.6X optical zoom lens versus what's found in most fixed lens camera	The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II's combination of looks, speed, flexibility, and photo quality makes it a great choice for enthusiasts who can afford the price tag. The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II delivers excellent photos, speedy performance, and a broad feature set in an attractive, compact package. The camera tends to clip bright highlights more than we typically see, and the slippery body lacks a grip. Plus, the lack of a manually triggered macro mode might put off some fans of close-up photography
An excellent scanner for budget-conscious shoppers. In-depth user manual makes this scanner easy to use. Three power levels. Average battery life of 18 hours. Sold with a belt clip, earpiece, and hand strap. Battery charger is fragile	A super high-quality two-way radio unit. If you don't need a set, this is the single unit to get. Rugged, great weatherproofing, emergency band radio is top notch. Company service is very responsive. The hands-free capabilities are subpar
Great for gamers, as this drive works well with game consoles like Xbox and PlayStation, as well as the PC. Plug and play. Portable, light, and slim. Quiet during data transfers. Seamless drag-and-drop of files. Fairly fast with a USB 3.0 port. Cooperates with most Xbox and PlayStation setups. Some expressed concerns over the quality of the plastic housing	A good, modern option from Seagate for extra storage and fast data transfer speeds out of the box. The exterior of the hard drive can resist common dents and scratches when carrying the device in a pocket. Does not require any additional software or power supply to work correctly. The hard drive can stop working unexpectedly or may require formatting. Best used for temporary storage
Totally wireless headphones with superb sound quality, adjustable fit, and reinforced design for sweat and water resistance. Volume and track controls on each earbud makes it easy to control music while running. With up to nine hours of listening time and an included charging case, these have a battery life to support any workout. Charging case is somewhat bulky	If you can overlook the jumbo charging case and high price, the Powerbeats Pro true wireless headphones are superior to the AirPods in a few key ways. The Powerbeats Pro have better sound and battery life than the AirPods and will stay on your ears securely. They offer all the same basic conveniences of the 2019 AirPods, including fast pairing, rock-solid wireless connectivity and always-on Siri voice-recognition for iOS users. Phone call quality is excellent. Physical buttons for music playback control will appeal to Android users. The Powerbeats Pro are more expensive than AirPods. The charging case isn't pocket-friendly, nor does it offer wireless charging. The headphones deliver some treble push, and may not fit all ears perfectly
The Fujifilm X-T1 is a great camera for advanced photographers as long as its quirks don't bother you. The stunning viewfinder, comfy grip and plethora of direct controls makes the Fujifilm X-T1 a joy to shoot with, plus the image quality is great and the continuous-shooting is among the best in its class. Some of the controls are too hard to manipulate, its general performance doesn't stand out, and the movie quality disappoints
Reasonable price point for a 55-inch television that also delivers the latest color technology in HDR10. With 4K Ultra HD resolution, you’ll be ready for newer programming technologies well into the future. Uses local dimming technology, so you can view the deepest blacks. Meshes nicely with multiple Apple streaming product options. Some problems with build quality reported. Smart TV interface is not the easiest to use
A reasonable option for an entry-level dSLR, the Pentax K-50 should satisfy if you need the weather-sealed design. But while acceptable, it and its cheaper sibling the K-500 lag behind the competition in image quality and performance. The Pentax K-50 features a weather-sealed body that's unique in its price class, an interesting set of shooting features, support for AA-size batteries, and a relatively nice viewfinder. Plus, it comes in colors, if that appeals to you. The cheaper K-500 has the same feature set but lacks the weather sealing and color combos. Image quality and performance, while acceptable, don't match the competition's, and the cameras lack an articulated LCD. Also, both the shutter and the lens make a lot of noise
Only those who do a lot of local intensive tasks via Wi-Fi, or who can appreciate the Asus RT-AC3200's excellent feature set, will find this router worth the investment. The Asus RT-AC3200 Tri-Band Wireless Gigabit Route has powerful hardware and good performance. The router has many helpful features, including the ability to keep malware from entering your home network, and it can also work as a powerful VPN/NAS server. The router is very expensive. It has a bulky, somewhat impractical design and you can't name clients on the IP reservation list anything other than their MAC address
A "green" option that also boasts all the desired features and durable construction, making it our pick for best value on the market. Attractive and well made with ample room for laptops as large as 17.3 inches. Features numerous pockets including one that's padded for added protection. Made of eco-friendly canvas. The handle seems off-center, but this is a small concern considering all this messenger bag has to offer
Great sound quality for a good price. These bookshelf speakers produce excellent, clear sound. Dynamic Balance drivers and tweeters offer wide response and low distortion. Can be wall mounted using the keyholes on the back of each speaker. These speakers do need some time to break in before they produce the best sound they are capable of
This ultra lightweight and high-powered laptop is a workhorse for everyday use. Super lightweight and easy to carry. 15-inch UHD display, 10th-gen Intel i7 processor, 8 GB memory, 128 GB SSD storage, Bluetooth enabled, Comes with Windows 10. Built-in webcam with microphone. The underwhelming battery life is frustrating. Despite the sleek design, the plastic components are flimsy
A smart power strip that combines affordability, quality, and dependability. Equipped with 4 outlets and 4 USB charging ports for charging smartphones, tablets and other gadgets. Offers built-in WiFi capabilities. No hub is required. Comes with built-in leakage and an overload protection switch for added safety. Easy to use right out of the box. Sometimes can be tough to connect to WiFi. Offers less durability than many comparable options
You won't find a 4K HDTV as affordable as this LED-backlit model from newcomer Seiki any time soon. The question is, does anyone need 4K right now?. Very inexpensive for a 4K HDTV. Bright panel. Skewed colors. Poor shadow details. Little 4K content available
Solid desktop tower computer at a low price with a DVD optical drive and a 1 TB hard drive. Contains all of the features you’d expect to find in an Acer desktop computer, just at a lower price point. Combination of 10 USB, HDMI, and VGA ports is handy. Includes support for Bluetooth 5.0 and latest Wi-Fi protocols. Unlike some desktop computers, it has a DVD drive. With 1 TB of hard drive space, you’ll be able to save a lot of photos and videos. Processor is an Intel Core i3 model, so it’s not quite as powerful as some others
Complete with wireless access, remote printing in the cloud, an interactive touch screen, and several paper trays, the Epson WorkForce WF-3540 is well-prepared to handle large workloads for home offices, corporate teams, and everything in between. The Epson WorkForce WF-3540 workhorse multifunction is built for performance with cloud printing capabilities, extra-large-capacity ink cartridges, dual 250-sheet paper trays, an intuitive touch-screen display, and an external USB port for standalone copying and scanning. The 3.5-inch touch-screen display works well with gesture navigation, but its fixed angle inhibits its usability in higher positions
A well-priced device that’s easy to operate and reads and writes to M-DISCs. Fair data transfer speeds for this price range. Portable at 5.6 x 0.68 x 5.3 inches. M-DISC format works. Easily recognized by most computer systems. Concerns about thin construction, so needs careful handling. A little noisy for some
Save yourself from being gouged by cable provider rental fees with this rock-solid modem-router combo that broadcasts a reliable and fast connection across a wide area. Covers 1,800 square feet. Remembers up to 30 devices. Speeds up to 400Mbs. Designed for HD streaming and smooth online gaming. Easy setup. Features 4 Gigabit Ethernet ports. No bonus features to set it apart, it is just a solid device
The portable Anker Soundcore Flare 2 speakers delivers solid audio and cool LED lights in a waterproof design for a fair price. Relatively solid audio for the size and price. IPX7 waterproof rating. Speakerphone functionality. LED light strips can flash various colors to the beat. Not much deep bass. EQ in app cannot be customized
The able Polk Audio PSW111 subwoofer delivers seamless bass despite its compact size. 8-inch powered subwoofer. built-in 150-watt power amplifier. medium-density fiberboard cabinet with smoothly rounded corners. excellent connectivity. The larger, more powerful 10-inch version costs $50 less
