It replaced the one we bought 4 years ago.	I had two Fire TV's and 2 Fire Sticks and all had connection problems with the remotes.	We had been using the Netflicks mail order movies for years.	I cut the cord about 2 years ago and have been using my TV smart aspects to access Netflix and Amazon Prime but there's only so many videos and movies on those things and YouTube doesn't provide you
So happy with this purchase, everything from the delivery to the operation of the product, we will be needing another television soon for another room in our home, will probably purchase this one again.	And with the 240 refresh rate, even our cats LOVE to watch TV now, especially shows with birds and butterflies in them!	The smart features were great at first, but when you try and use them for streaming, everything lags or
She used them most of the flight, even when not watching a movie she used them to just quiet the background noise.	Loved these headphones for about six months - great on planes, work calls, running, or blocking out noise when you just want to relax on the subway.	If you have street noise, hotel room noise, snoring sleep partners, these will help you shut out the world and get to sleep!	Brilliant for the
Love the i7 8700k, one of the best gaming processors on the market.	Have not delidded or OC'd yet so no numbers, but on an asus z370e and the MCE on, she rarely gets over 60c af stress test loads.	Use this primarily for programming, and internet things.	It helps to have the 1080 video card, but this processor was a big improvement over the i5	Bought this instead of its K version because I
Came just as the seller had noted, was all brand new with necessary accessories.	i love them service ,good and honest ,what they advert,i get that ,thanks	Holy macorole, I just found out my wife bought this camera under my account.	I am a professional photographer - though I have a Canon 7D, I've been renting a Canon 5D IV from a local camera shop for awhile now.	I called Canon, they said they’d heard
I did have an older laptop running Win 7 that I had to manually install drivers on, but not a problem.	I travel 40 weeks a year, so I will update this review in a few months to let you know how its going, I am a little nervous about the plug issues people have been having but for $100 its worth it even if only for 6 months!	However, I did not see that
We’ve had this TV for less than two months and worked great, but now will never connect to the internet.	Other than this issue, the TV has worked well for months.	Order was fulfilled by Best Buy, so had to deal with them originally.	All of our old TVs had this feature, which has been a savior.	before i got this tv, i'd been using, like, a glorified computer monitor that my friend gave me
It’s definitely an upgrade from my factory stereo.	It loses synch a lot.	Increased the performance of stock speakers.	It works fine but it does not fit in my 2002 Ford F-250 even though it says it does.	Need a few extras to make this work perfectly, but overall great product!	Bought the harness kit, bought 2din plastic kit to mount.	pioneer the name says it all .... lots of bang for the buck !!!
They just tried charging me $30 bucks for techinical support when THEIR app stopped working... even when I had called in before the warranty expired with the same issue, they still wouldn't honor it.	If you call them and ask about this, they will tell you that right out.	In about 3 minutes, I went from setup to watching TV.	Watched this years US Tennis Open from Stawell, Somerset England.	It was only a couple
Bought this mostly for the 50mm and the F1.8, and because of great price, I did not like the older models because I invested in bigger and larger lenses	Bought them for my first international travel, I didn't expect to use them soooo much when I got them!	I have a 17 month old daughter, and a few years of photography experience.	Since I had my son, I was looking for a lens to use
You would suspect Sennheiser, AKG and Beyer to be better.This product though does provide the best quality achievable in this price range.	Overall good product, would recommend.	Brilliant headphones, got them in the Black Friday sales so they were a fantastic price.	Cheaply made.Suspicious build quality.Will not last.Average sound,nothing to write home about.Bang Olufsen discontinued nice H6 model to flood market with these.Not worth 300,150,maybe 50.Returning.	Great quality headphones, good looking, fantastic sound quality and
bought as a gift for son, now grand daughter may get one.	If you use ChromeOS a lot, these should be familiar features.	I do wish they had a black model, but few other complaints.	I bought this Chromebook as a replacement for my 6 year old MacBook, which was causing me nothing bur problems.	After several days, I have only one complaint.	Batteries were deffective, so I had to return the product twice.	My
I like the Q camera but, I had to buy a second Q camera because the first one stopped working after less than a year.	For me, the 7 days cloud free account was the most important because, if someone comes to rob you, don't you think they will take your camera and the SD card with them?	Got them all over the place, VERY EASY and super flexible.	After all these years hassling with
would buy again, and actually did buy the same tv in a 49" version also, and also happy with that one.	We were ready to upgrade our living room tv to 4K, did extensive research, and determined this was the best choice for the very best price.	If it were possible to use this TV as just that, it would be wonderful.	However, this picture seems even better than than before.	Welove the picture quality,
i got my first camera when i was 8 and now i'm 70. i've always had fun with photography, but i'm very disappointed now.	Of these, the D3300 was clearly the best value for money.	I bought this as an upgrade to a 10 year old, 4MP Nikon.	I got this right before a trip to China and while I wish I had more time to practice ahead of the trip, my pictures turned out
We also appreciate the battery life, as well as the ease of charging with the provided cable.	Very happy w this very Portable rechargeable BOSE Speaker,,,, get this one !	Great speaker, excellent, have 2 and linked them, great sound.	Surprised this passed Bose QA testing, considering the price point.	We travel for a living Using our tablet to watch movies, the sound, battery life, sturdiness of the product completely satisfied us	As an audiophile,
music / podcast / relaxing / enjoying life, BUY them!	Apart from these things, amazing product.	Compared to other brands, bass level might be a bit less punchy, probably because these headphones reproduce a more balanced sound and don't over process the bass level.	poor quality headphones, do not spend your money on them.	Your not gonna be spinning discs at a DJ with these but the provide clear, undistorted sound at all appropriate levels.
When I originally ordered this device, the unit I received would disconnected every couple of minutes and reset.	After 2 days of testing, I had to return the product.	I use several USB devices such as external drives, headphones and memory card readers.	While I have USB 2 devices, I knew I'd want to use more than one USB 3 device at a time.	But after I received it, it did not fit in my
It had about 1.8 TB for use after installation and the updates.	It stop working after 2 years of having it.	Never had a problem after a few months of ownership.	I will be purchasing another one of these hard drives to replace the one that stopped working.	It does not need to be purchased separately.	Failed after 2.5 years of use for an xbox.	Bought this for my husband since he has one of
Bought for my wife , simply to use, takes very good photos, great deal for under a hundred dollars.	i love these little cameras .. simple, easy and great pictures.	sony lost my business, last sony product I will ever buy.	I wanted to replace my Lumix, but the few I found new on E-Bay where over $200.	I don't see the point in exchanging the camera, since another one might have worse problems.	Bought
Great Camera, as the days goes by I learn something new about this product.	I've never had a DSLR camera, before.	Came with the two lenses, bag, all I had to get was a memory card.	Had I known, I'd have ordered one at the same time as the camera, saved a couple of weeks.	After months of comparing cameras, and looking at reviews, I decided on this one.	However, by the end of the
My son loves them, he's had them for such a long time and haven't needed to buy him new ones	Great place for my son to put his headphones, keeps them from being pushed around and scratched up on his desk.	You will need to pickup the stand each time to place, and remove your headset since there isn't a lot of weight to them at all... which isn't a problem for me.	Perfect, my
Called D-Link tech support and after being walked through all of things I had already tried, I was asked what level of firmware was in my router and instructed to download the latest firmware and told to call back if that didn't fix it.	Also, I have not had any dropped connections or had any need to reboot the router.	Hopefully, they will release a firmware fix or something soon, or I guess I've got
My 1700X was boosted to 3.8 GHz, but the RAM stayed at 2133 MHz.	So far, this board meets expectations.	Bought this during Black Friday / Cyber Monday week, I've been using it for a month with no problems.	Amazon came through, though, and had a new one to me within 24 hours of my RMA request.	i would like to give a 5 star, but tit just came broken so i have no experience
I have tried to find help online or tech support but have not had any luck, I tried a different cord.	My system could not find the drivers, so I had to visit the Epson website to find and download the drivers.	I had to use a manual method, finally, after about an hour of other attempts.	After only a day, I wish I would have bought it months ago.	In all my years of
I did like his product however, after just 6 months multiple keys stopped working.	I purchased with the separate number pad and accessory kit, which allows each half to be angled.	I have been suffering from elbow, wrist and thumb pain for about a year.	I love this thing, it has helped out my elbow issues immensely.	Sure, I've remapped the keys.	Before the Freestyle2, I would often end work days with arm or wrist
He absolutely loved it, everything fits perfectly and stays in place.	A lot of room to hold switch, dock, games, charger and more.	Not the official Nintendo Switch case by Nintendo, but for a little cheaper it works well.	Big for traveling in a tight car, but everything we have associated with the switch fit in the case.	Not a big deal, but worth noting.	Either use the handle, or the strap over the shoulder.
Aside from that, this processor does the job and then some!	Fantastic gaming CPU, Bought for a straight up gaming rig, Handles Vega 64 in its stride really all you need for a gaming rig!	Paired with 16gb of FlareX 3200 ddr4, and Msi B350 gaming pro carbon, this thing screams.	Better than compared overprice Intel processor, purchased to built a gaming computer for my son.	You'll noeed to buy a graphics card with this
She really likes them.	They come in a nice thick material case, with a lens cloth, and a tough string so you can wear them around your neck.	Use them at work in daylight and low light, and they really help.	Just needed to have a little clarity on some distant activity in my neighborhood, and these do the job just great without looking like a set of CIA or FBI Government issued Bionic Binocs
It just died while I was traveling.	I only had two occasions when the GPS could find the address, nor the point of interest.	A couple of months ago I had an issue with the traffic feature and I tried to contact Tomtom via their customer support number and they no longer offer telephone support I tried to go on website to chat to no avail I ordered a brand new device from Tomtom and
I was amazed, after receiving an email from Urceri asking about my order.	I tried many times in two days, still doesn’t work.	It works fine, I've used it about 2-3 weeks.	I've used much higher priced meters than this before, and this one has some very nice features the others did not.	I wound up creating my own therapy light by assembling products purchased from Amazon, and now have the best light imaginable, and
Excellent camera, the best compact one out there by a margin!	For the price of this camera, Sony should include one memory card to get started!	Having owned the earlier version of this camera, it continues to impress with its image quality and minimalist sizing.	The best compact camera i've ever had in my hands.	A really wonderful photo tool for folks who don't want to be bothered by bulk and weight but still seek
We, as a group of desert riders found this very useful to communicate between SXS cars.	Though, these do hit those frequencies which would be vital for a SHTF kit or bugout bag.	Finding the right device to communicate with them has been a struggle, with most having very limited range, particularly in areas that appear to block line-of-sight.	must be worth the money, i had one stolen from the job site the first day.
Until I asked, Seagate did not even mention honoring the product's warranty.	Of course, the warranty seems to be 90 days so I am out of refund or replacement.	I called Seagate, waited 20 minutes to get a customer service rep.	I have several Seagate external HDDs now, ranging from 1Tb to 2Tb.	I've tested it on multiple computers, none of which recognized it.	Used to backup files, and only accessed about once or twice
They had connection issues from time to time, but for the most part they worked how I wanted.	They work, exactly how I had hoped.	Apple-bots might love them for brand loyalty, but otherwise expensive junk.	If you like listening to music or watching videos on your phone, tablet, or computer... pick these up and give em a try.	In my opinion, these work better than Apple's own airpods.	I’ve had to speak with Amazon
Used Canon, Fujifilm and Panasonic high end for the past 8 years.	I have been taking pictures of family and outdoors for over 68 years and, I believe this will be the best camera i have ever used.	Have not been able to put this camera down, and have yet to find myself in a situation where I wish I had more.	If I had to choose one camera for travel photography, this camera with
almost nothing wor for this tv, if they can just send a little money to hire some software engineer will be great.	It doesn’t have the top of the line features or the fastest refresh rate, but it does everything good enough for most folks, including me.	almost nothing work, wifi doesn't connect airplay don't work, Chromecast cuts off every 10 seconds, interface super laggy, click on the remote wait 2 seconds for the tv
I had a k-1000 with old lenses, so kept on the pentax brand in order to use the old lenses.	Don't recommend anymore, after a little more than two years of low usage the camera stopped to work.	lot of good features, wish it had more mp maybe 20!	I purchased this for my husband, he had been wanting a digital camera to work with his pentax lens he has and this was great price
However I saw another reviewer mention installing the latest Merlin firmware for this router and having no issues for a week, so I went and did the same thing and have had no drops or problems since!	Unfortunately, after two months of use, I now hate this router.	I have had Linksys, Belkin and Netgear routers, and none have come close to the performance of this router.	Have needed to restart at least once very
Ordered this for my daughter, wish I found it earlier.	Got to admit, I was going to purchase another bag.	EDIT: Now that a few years have gone by, I can say that this product caused me enough headaches.	In the past I've had to use a bag for my camera and lenses and a different bag for my laptop and note pads, because I don't alway need to bring my camera.	With that said,
My wife has had to come out and turn them down due to the fact she hears them clear as a bell in her office!	very nice speakers for the price,.good sound for CD’s..,.matching them with their S35 center speaker for TV.	Vinyl sounding great thru them so far, would be solid for a main set of L/R speakers in a home theatre set up as well	Black color hides them in the dark.	When
Got to navigate around windows 10, had 7.	After a month of use, I have had nothing but problems.	I’ve been disappointed in the battery, with a couple hours of typical typing and email, by the end of the day the battery has to be charged.	Best laptop I have ever bought, lighting fast, outperforming in all areas.	I also liked that I did not have to disable Windows10 S Mode prior to installing 3rd
I could never connect the device to my WiFi; after trying countless times, I am attempting to return the product.	I bought mine 2 years ago, but 4 months ago the usb stop working, in fact im quite sure the usb charging ports burns a tablet.	I’ve switch my WiFi over to 2.4, tried different devices, even different apps...nothing.	**After some time and true attention I realized that I had to sync the Jinvoo Smart
Please, do not waste your money on this brand.	You want a good 4k monitor, order this one!	At 30Hz Vsync locked, the panel works really well for games like skyrim, where aiming isn't really a twitch requirement.	Buy this, enjoy having the equivalent of four 1080P screens on one screen.	With OSX 10.9.3, MBP Late 2013 can scale this 4K display as 39" Retina display.	There has to be some kind of update to
It maybe had 15hrs of run time max.	Once i had a clean copy of Windows 10 installed and proper drivers fro Wifii and GPU etc this computer runs great.	any chance of returning this.	I bought two of these.	Hooked this up to two monitors and my external hard drive.	It really can't run origin games.	had to return unit the box was damaged when i got unit and the case and computer were
I changed to an Asus router RT-N12B1, and haven't had trouble connecting the printer.	I maybe print twice a month, if that.	I replaced a Canon that had developed a streak on scan problem with this printer, and wow!	I purchased this printer for my home office to replace a HP OfficeJet 4620, primarily because the Epson WF-3540 had the capability for duplex printing, while the HP OfficeJet 4620 did not.	By far the worst,
If it did not have a year warranty, I would have sent it back right away.	However, based on the performance of the first two machines I purchased, I will try again.	Based on prior reviews, I purchased this to connect to my Surface Pro 3.	Figuring I just got a bad unit, I purchased a second one and got the same results.	I then installed some of the included software from their DVD, no
It’s been plugged in for 4 months and I will soon be going back to Comcast to rent their modem.	Have had for a couple months now and have not had any drop outs.	It has been 3 days and havent had a problem streaming yet.	It's not my cable had them out already	So I had Comcast come out twice to do checks.	It does not increase my signal strength over the 15 year
Overall, very happy with this purchase.	Great sound relative to the price and size, very happy with this speaker.	When these work, they're great.	So, if you don't need a really loud speaker i would recommend the flare mini over the flare2.	Decent sound quality for indoor use but definitely not great for outdoor use, the sound doesn’t carry very far.	One still sounds great and performs daily very well, but the other one has
Surprisingly this sub has delivered, havent been able to drive it with specific audio but overall during the HD shows this has been good.	We get a better overall sound at a lower volume, now.	In this setup, the PSW111 really adds a needed bass punch without being overbearing or muddy.	I've always loved Polk Audio, and this PSW111 powered subwoofer shows why.	I had originally purchased one PSW 111 subwoofer a few years ago
