Such a cute and well made shower cap! Keeps all of my hair in it and dry!
I really like the look these lamps give a room....
It is an amazing camera. I love everything about it.
This apple peeler works great! Exceeded my expectations. I have used it for several months and on large and small apples. Does great every time. If you have a lot of apples to peel, this will save you time. I think it takes less than 10 seconds to peel and that includes putting the apple on the machine, peeling time, and removing the apple.
Great product, easy to put together thanks to the video -- though the guy in the video makes it look much easier to attach the net than it actually is! Make sure you have another adult help attach the second side of the net. My 7 year old has been loving the bounce back on his lacrosse ball so far, and we will be using it to practice throwing and catching baseballs too. Would recommend this product for anyone looking for a solid, decent price rebounder.
These boots run small. If you need to use a heavy sock you better get at least one size larger,..maybe more. Otherwise they are a very good boot. I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and then had to exchange them for a full size larger. But a very comfortable boot that is light and keeps you warm.
If you are looking for a easy set up grill, Easy cleaning grill you will enjoy this grill.I just love this grill it take a small protane tank which it last a long time .It grills really well and the taste of your food is awesome .I love that it easy to set up and put away in the camper.it has places to put a spatula and you have room to put you items to the side after the are done cooking..And the price on this grill is cheaper than they have in the stores
This watch was exactly what I was looking for. It's a great watch and the price was perfect.
Ordered the microwave January 31 2019, the microwave stopped working yesterday April 24, 2019. So happy to have spent over $170 for a microwave that lasted a little over two months. Definitely will never purchase another Toshiba microwave in my life.
I love that this product has sunscreen in the primer but it made my face so oily. I almost always wear sunscreen and a primer on top and then my makeup so i figured this would be a great step when I ran out of primer but I noticed after a few uses that I was a greaseball.
Love this shower head. I got the same water pressure as before but the lights are awesome.
great TV for the money. Picture is great, sound is great and the smart tv options are great, except it doesn't allow you to go to the internet directly. You can only use the features in the smart tv menu. So no surfing online. But other than that, it really is a good tv for the value.
I’m so happy I decided to order these sliders! They are perfect! I have hardwood floors and the soft side of the sliders work very well! It’s AWESOME that I can use these both on carpet and hard floors so it makes them perfect for traveling or to take to the gym/home. I love the color options and it comes with a bag to put them in! 5/5 stars!
I have sensitive eyes and I have no problem with the mascara
This was the first piece of TravelPro luggage I have purchased. The quality of the suitcase is fine, but I was disappointed by how small the packing space inside the suitcase is. I ended up giving the suitcase away not long after I bought it and switching to another brand. I have another piece of TravelPro luggage that is larger and I've been very satisfied with it. I think there are other brands of suitcases in this size that offer much more packing room.
Love these boots, have bought these boots one pair per year for 4 years now.
great camera its what I would expect from Pentax if your looking for a rugged camera
These gloves are soft and stretchy. It comes in a variety of sizes. The gloves are cut resistant and 5x stronger than leather. It's a level 5 cut protection. To test it out, I tried cutting it with different types of knives and it didn't even leave a scratch or tear. It didn't cut my hands when I wore the gloves and tried cutting it too. Amazing! I would recommend these gloves.
Great duvet cover! Size was perfect for queen comforter. Super soft and quality zipper and material. Will buy again for sure!
This is my first time using a vitamin c serum. Feels really good going on my skin, and I have sensitive skin.
I used a spiralizer blade with a zucchini and it works great. Easy to set up and use.
Nice light, very bright and batteries last a long time.
This really is a game changing holy grail oil! I love everything about this oil! I have normal to dehydrated skin. I use this oil at night and in the morning with the Drunk Elephant serums, and it is like love to my skin! The whole Drunk Elephant line is simply amazing and will change your skin! This oil is so hydrating but its not overly heavy. It is a very light perfect oil!
I love this monitor. It's easy to use, just plug into laptop and use as additional screen. I use as a third screen when needed. Works well if you are in any training away from your desk. 6.8.18- I've had this monitor for while now. It's gone with me on all business trips and I use as second monitor in hotel room when needed. Travels well and is easy to use. First picture is monitor plugged into laptop and other pictures are the monitor itself. This monitor has no power cord. Once plugged into any USB port, monitor comes on.
Very good router. Much better than my old N router.
Made brownies with this pan. Nothing sticks. Didn't even have to grease the bottom. Great pan!
Good end table, sturdy and very easy to put together. Table is very light. Looks great.
I love this comforter. Very warm and soft. Light weight.
I love my Polar Heart Rate Monitor. It's easy to use. I like that I can see how many calories I burned in my work out.
I was looking for weights to add to my walking, I didn't want to have to hold weights the whole time and a lot of the gloves I was seeing were being reviewed as small. These fit great! The palm is open and the actual weight is on the back of the hand. The finger straps are comfortable and not too tight. I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking to add a little more to their workout.
Love this Pilates ring. Easy to use. Hope to have great results with it!
Great accessories for the Cosori Air Fryer! Makes the air fryer more versatile!
The first time I used this shampoo, it seemed to make my hair feel much thicker, but after using it a few times, all it seemed to do was make my hair extremely dry, even with conditioner. I had to stop using it because my hair was so unhealthy. Now that I'm back to my previous shampoo and conditioner, my hair feels much softer, healthier, and is so much easier to style. This biotin shampoo isn't right for my hair.
Great product. Light coverage and good moisturizer. Goes well with Jane Iredale Primer.
Love this coffee maker. Only coffee does not stay very hot
Love this bag . great size , very tough bag.
Does all that one would expect and it fits other hole saws that are not DeWalt brand.
This is a great coffee maker. It makes great coffee.
Amazing tv. The picture quality is excellent and the tv was very easy to install and use. I have had no issues with the tv since purchase and I highly recommend the toshiba fire tv to anyone looking for a 4K Tv at a great price.
What can I say.. it’s a beard comb. So you can comb your beard... nothing bewitching here. still, great product!
The speakers sound great in the room I put them in
I love this coffee maker. My husband likes his coffee cold so he'll make a whole 12-cup pot and stick it in the fridge. I love hot coffee so I have to warm up my coffee each time. I decided to go for this coffee maker because it makes single cups of coffee and I don't have to buy the stupid K-cup things. I love my Kauai Estates coffee and I'm so happy that I can make a fresh cup of coffee whenever I want. It's also very easy to clean and the parts are dishwasher safe :)
Great couch Blanket! Sweeps easily and dog loves it and matches my couch. I got the large size and its bigger than expected. My dog weighs about 70 lbs and the large is plenty big! It stays on the couch just fine with out the attachments you can use but my couch isn't leather. Def good purchase!
This is a great piggy bank for my three year old.
I love Biore pore strips, but they are a bit expensive. I tried these, and although they are not exactly the same, they work very well. They are a bit more stiff and have a different kind of smell. However, they took out just as much from my pores as the Biore strips do. My only feedback would be to have the face strips in addition to the nose strips (i.e., Biore has a combo pack, which I could not find w. this brand). Otherwise, great product for a great price!
I have the bigger version of this, which I use in my gas oven. The first time I used it, the pan underneath was stained irreversibly and the fries did not crisp. When I got this , I put the basket in the oven , without the pan underneath. The fries get crispy because the air circulates completely around them
I love this product very nice every day lip color and last a long time on my lips.
Nice laptop, fast, quiet and a great laptop to use!
Best golf shoes I own. They're comfortable and fit well.
I use this to hold my shoes and as a bench to sit on when I put my shoes on. It’s really attractive and sturdy. Very happy with this purchase.
This is the lamp I was looking for and is a great reading lamp. it was easy to put together.
I just bought these, but they arrived a day late. I pulled them out of the package thinking that I was in for a big treat, but I found some cheap airsoft gloves. These gloves are okay, but I wouldn't recommend them. They are good for the price, and they do protect your hands, but they are pretty cheap. The plastic is this flexible plastic and if hit with a 20g bullet at 400fps, it will rip through. Buy at you own risk, not the best gloves, recommended for beginners. These gloves are also very "goofy looking" and part of playing airsoft is looking cool while you're doing it. In conclusion, these gloves are okay, but they're not the best.
This thing works great! Works with alexa. And has a smart app that you can power on and off while your not home. Pretty cool power strip.
This is the best product that I've found to put some shine into real hard wood floors. My floors were installed in the early 90s. Most products on the market are for synthetic or laminated wood floors. Mine are the real thing. This product makes scratches less noticeable & leaves behind a shine. It doesn't have any solvent smell; it seems to be (looks like) a water base product. Why am I giving it 4 instead of 5? Nothing is perfect. You won't get perfect floors from this product, BUT you will get much improved shine on your floors..
This bathing suit is so flattering and it isn't your typical "skirt" bathing suit. I am very self-conscious when I wear a bathing suit and this suit makes me feel thinner and gives me shape in all the right places. I love that the skirt is long and the shorts underneath make me feel like I can hide what I want to hide and still look cute and not like an old lady. I really do love this swimsuit.
I love these reusable cups! They’re easy to clean and work great with my keurig. Now I can use any coffee I want and not throw away all those plastic one time use k cups.
An Excellent computer monitor for the value, with limited controls. I wish it had a better software to calibrate colors. As a TV, the best you can get in the market place. There is no other 4k TV at this price point. To bad that one cannot truly test the 4K capabilities due to limited content. The sound quality is subpar. It can use external speakers to enhance the experience. Bottom line, it delivered on what was promised--4K computer monitor and no frill 1080p tv.
Good information in this book. I haven't read all of it but it's a good book.
garphics are good but not for gaming . my other acer has intel garphics but windows 10 would not load the driver right. this acer works good all the drivers work. For price you get a good computer
My 8 year old son loves it, fits great and comfortable
I was surprised at how much I liked this little heart makeup brush cleaner! Really got my brushes clean!
Excellent printer, does everything that I need it for. I would recommend this printer to anyone looking for a all in one printer.
These gloves are warm and comfortable. The fingers are a little long but other than that they fill well and are great driving gloves.
The Craftsman tool bag is perfect. A great size to fit all the small tools, etc. Easy to carry and very strong quality. Excellent tool bag for on the go projects.
This tent is super easy to set up and take down. It worked great for my fall camping trip to the ocean. My only complaint is it is quite small. I purchased the 4-person tent for myself and my 5 y/o son. I had a queen size air mattress in the tent and that is all you could fit in it. Our bags did fit down the side but it was difficult maneuvering around in the tent. I am 5'0 tall and i could not stand up fully in the tent unless I was directly in the center. This is a great tent but I wish I would have bought a 6 or 8 person tent.
Love my Nespresso machine ! Great coffee great frother !
Great radio for the price. Works works great with Apple car play
This has worked great on my laptop that does not have a built in dvd drive. I'm able to watch DVD's and burn CD's and DVD's with this drive. I love it and would recommend it to anyone that is looking to add a DVD drive to their laptop. It also works with desktops as well
HAD TO PRODUCT BEFORE - AND I LOVE IT. Works great for my hair.
Good price for chalk. Chalk is chalk. Gets the job done.
I love this toothbrush! The bristles are soft, the brush is so lightweight and love that it's not plastic! !
I love this product! You don't have to heat it, so it's very easy to use. It cleans up really well! The strips are reusable and I only had to put wax on once to wax my whole chin and lip bc I was able to use the strip with wax over and over! I have used other wax kits and this is the best!
I am in love with this foot peel mask. My feet are in heaven. I like everything about this foot mask. My feet are soft and ready for summer. My feet are soft and smooth after using this. I could see the dead skin coming right off. The relaxation I felt in my feet while I was wearing it was so nice. The stuff that has come off my feet during this process has been unreal. to think that was on my feet. I will get this peel again and I plan on getting my daughter some as well.
I used this tent for camping and the cover for the tent ripped apart allowing rain water into my tent... also, the bendable sticks to hold the front door open broke on day 3 of owning this tent... I will say the size of the tent was perfect.... but I’m not a happier camper with the overall workmanship of this tent
The silicone was not non stick. Every egg was stuck inside to the point where eggs had to be scraped out and were not usesable as boiled eggs for deviled eggs or even as a simple whole boiled egg. Eggs were shredded after forceful removal from silicone. Silicone had to be scrubbed and in addition, eggs are flat on top when cooked this way. It’s easier to peel eggs than it is to cook them with this product. I may have to return it.
I purchased the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2) as a replacement for the Comcast/Xfinity modem/router I was paying $15 a month to use for internet and wifi. I am pleased to say that the installation of this modem/router was so simple both at home as well as with Comcast and my wifi/router experience is so much better than what I had with the Comcast/Xfinity unit. I highly recommend this as a simple alternative to the $15 a month you may be paying for a modem rental from your own ISP.
Love love love love my BaByliss curling iron. The curling iron heats up fast and curls my hair quickly. The curls last until the next day or when I shampoos my hair. I can't believe how affordable the curling is. I do not have any issues with the on/off button location as some other customers had. I have very thick, long hair and I can curl my hair in 10 minutes. That's how good this curling iron is. Great buy!
My daughter loves this beam. She can practice some daring moves on the fast and in good condition.low beam before she tries them on the higher beam at gymnastics. It arrived
The lock has clear and simple instructions for setting your own combination. It took me less than a minute to set my combination. Your combination can also be reset. The lock is very easy to lock and unlock. Just line up your four numbers, and the lock opens. The lock is very sturdy. This is the perfect lock for a gym locker which is how I use it.
Love this. Not really happy with the smaller glasses. I could do with out but the other glasses are great
Grounds didn’t stay in the basket even when only halfway filled. Also, the lid to the pot didn’t sit down on the actual pot, it was like the stem to the basket was too long. When trying to pour coffee out the lid constantly fell off the coffee pot, you had to hold it on to keep from coming off while pouring coffe. Will be looking for a different percolator for camping.
This scope works well in low light situations as advertised. You can actually see better through the scope at dawn/dusk than you can with your naked eyes. The glass is good for the price and fairly clear. I mounted this to my Remington 700 inplace of a tasco 3x9x40 tasco and I ended up having to buy taller scope mounts (medium) because the bolt hit the eye piece on this scope when using the scope rings I already had. This is a good cheap scope, however; it does seem to fog up fairly easily....which is the reason I replaced my junk tasco scope. You will get a little better than what you pay for with this scope but not much.
As far as a clear bag goes, this one is great! I bought it due to my school's clear bag policy for football games and didn't really have any expectations, but the bag is sturdy and seems to be pretty well made. I got tons of compliments, mostly from random girls on the street who liked this bag better than the tote bags they had. I don't think I'd use it outside of events which require a clear bag, but it serves its purpose well.
Very nice socks for the price. My daughter hates thick socks but these are perfect. Not too thick and not too thin.
I will be buying more of these sports bras because they are so comfortable, sort and great to wear. These bras are more comfortable than my other sports bras. I hate regular bras and love how these sports bra fit. Very soft and comfortable/look very nice! Thank you!
Love these mittens - they are pretty warm and keep your hands dry!
This humidifier works so well! It’s easy to use, looks really nice, and the night light is a very nice added touch. Having the humidistat on the humidifier is great. We only turn it on at night, while we sleep, and off in the morning, but doing this, we have plenty of water in the tank for multiple nights of use. Also, regarding noise level, I can barely hear the humidifier run. It’s really quiet and does not disrupt me at all while sleeping. It’s perfect!
This is my second Dyson vacuum. My first is the original Dyson and is still working. Dyson makes far and away the best vacuum for the money, even for 4xs the money. The vacuum has incredible power and suction for its size and weight. The machine is lite and moves effortlessly. ..
Love the wall mirror. Looks fantastic in my bathroom. However the light could be brighter., but overall I am happy with the mirror light.
A rock hammer like the ones I used to use in the 1960's.
I loved this chair, just the shade I need easy to set up. Great chair
Very comfortable shoe. I bought these shoes for work. I have a 10hr day and they are great!
Work great but the set was missing 13/16 wrench and in its place was a 7/8 wrench now I have two 7/8 wrenches now.
Only pair of gloves that keep my hands warm. Highly recommend these gloves.
I normally wear a small to medium shirt, but another review lead me to believe they run smaller then they do. Also being a swim shirt I thought it would have a tighter fit and ordered a Medium. Shirt fits fine, but is not a fitted cut and therefore not tight. Feels great though!
This will be the second belt that i buy from SPIbelt and I just love them! I have also a nike belt and you can't even compare between them, this one is much much better. The belt stays tight to your body while running and you don't even feel that it's there. I put in it while running my iPhone 6 and my car keys and there still space for another set of keys. If you use a bigger phone than iPhone 6 it might be too small for more than your phone + a small set of keys.
Great Product overall I love this speaker great sound awesome bass
Love my slingbox, can watch tv and my dvr recordings anywhere. Easy to setup. My box you can only use Component all around, so you make sure you are using component from box to sling then sling to tv so you can also watch TV. Update - Today I open my slingbox and what do you know banners at the bottom of the screen,, I hate them. I am warning users that they will soon be bombarded with ads via the slingplayer. As if we don't have enough commercials to watch, or listen on the radio. Now this???? come one. I will no longer buy or upgrade any slingbox products.
I received this subwoofer as a "freebie" with the purchase of 2 TSi400 Polk Audio floor standing speakers on my Pioneer VSX-1021. The subwoofer sound good but it is a bit underpowered. I have an old 20 year old Kenwood 8", 45 watt sub which for some reason puts out more bass. I changed my 2 star to 4 because I made some fine tuning on my receiver and sub to make it sound more to my liking.
Great product to incorporate into your Alexa device. Put light bulbs in, connected bridge directly to router, downloaded APP, updated bulbs and they work fantastic. Must link bulbs to your Alexa APP as well. In the Hue APP you can set the dimming percentage to your preference. Once complete, just tell Alexa to turn the lights on at 1%, 50% or 100%. Additionally, you can name each bulb or separate them by room. I did not have dimming capability on my lights. Now I do. I personally like them. Although, they may appear to be pricy, they bring value and much better lighting to your home with a longer life.
This belt is awesome. Easy to use and works great for holding keys and my cell phone and much better than those darn arm phone holders. It stays in place and you don't even know it's there while running. I simply cannot go running without this belt. Love it
This is a great bath caddy!!. It was sturdy, didn't slip off the edge of the tub and made bath time much more relaxing by keeping my book, music and wine dry and within reach :) I highly recommend this bath caddy to anyone looking for a quality bath caddy.
It's a great chair... I love it and very comfortable I set on it all the time. It's my chair of choice of all of the furniture
This is my second TCL tv, and I love it. This TV is my bedroom TV (my living room TV is a TCL 49 inch). It is perfect. I highly recommend buying this TV. Picture is clear, remote is easy, and I love the Roku features.
Great night lights to put around the house. They give off just enough light.
Ordered the Knee Sleeves to help with rehabilitation from Miniscus Surgery. The knee sleeves fit comfortably, keep the knee warm, help hold the knee in its natural position and aid in support. With the knee sleeves on I am able to do squats 30% better, without pain. Very happy and would highly recommend this product.
Used this product to protect my Synology 416play from power surges and outages. Synology identifies the unit and mine is currently set to power down after 5 minutes as well as power the UPS off. Run time is longer but 5 minutes is what I wanted.
These lights are not as bright as I had hoped and 2 of the lights do not work out of the 6 lights included in the box.
Just love my cutting boards. Would recommend them to everyone.
Fan works fine but it is really loud. I have another fan I installed a few years ago that is so much more quiet running (a Master Whole House Fan). This fan (Cool Attic ...) costs less and now I understand why. It works really well on high or low speed, but it is simply --loud.
We loved our first Zinus bed frame so much we bought a second one when we needed a new bed frame for our guest room. It takes less than 10 minutes to set up with 2 people and is super sturdy. I love how simple the design is. Great bed frame!
I absolutely love these boots. They are very comfortable and great hiking boots. Of course they are Ariat boots and I have never had a bad pair of Ariat boots.
I had a party a few weeks back and I needed a decanter for my wine. This decanter was perfect for the occassion. The surface area nicely allowed for good aeration of my wine. The decanter is attractive to look at and substantial in weight. Pouring the wine was a breeze. Cleaning the decanter was easy with simple rinsing. I would definitely recommend.
I used this base for my wedding cake and was perfect and beautiful
I read all the reviews and followed size guide by seller & what others had posted. I'm 5'9 176 ordered size 11. It fits perfectly!! Length is good in arms & legs...would work for someone up to 5'11..up to 185lbs The wrist and ankles are snug, as expected for a wetsuit. I have not used in the water. I will update my post with a follow up review. Very happy with this purchase. Follow up: Great diving suit! Fit was excellent, very comfortable, good stretch to suit, warm water diving...this kept me warm on the deeper depths and 2nd & 3rd dives
These silicone-bottomed ice trays are genius. Love them. They are slightly smaller than regular ice cubes, so I need to use more of them, but otherwise, what a great invention. Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece! They have lids so you can stack them before they're frozen.
These look great on my kitchen cabinets. Great quality and great price.
I love iced coffee and this product is easy to use for my iced coffee needs
This stuff is truly amazing. It is the only product I have used that removes ALL of my makeup well and does not leave my skin feeling greasy after. Actually, what makes this product worth the money is the fact that while you can use it to remove makeup, you can also use it as a skin prep before makeup. It takes away dead skin, leaving a smooth, clean base for makeup or just clear skin. Would recommend to anyone!
This mug is super super cute. The one factor that drew me to this mug was the kitty face on it! I did not even realize it was self-stirring until I received it in the mail. The mug is bigger than I expected it to be, which is a great thing because I like big mugs! The self-stirring mechanism is actually pretty unique and works quite well! I think this mug is a little hard to clean just becuause you have to be careful not to lose the pill looking stirrer and not to get the batteries wet. Otherwise, I am happy with this!
This is the first alarm clock I ever had to break out the directions to use........ Once that was done it works great, radio reception is pretty good to. Good little alarm clock radio for the price.
Nice sturdy flask. Came in a nice gift box. Great for a gift.
Love these boots! They are great with the adjustable back. These are perfect for if your calf is just a little too big for the regular Hunter boots. I would definitely recommend these!
Bought 2 of the Logitech Harmony 600 Universal Remotes, one for my wife and one for myself. Nicely contoured designed remotes that fit great in the hand. Super easy to setup or reprogram. Just download the Logitech Harmony program to your desktop, then plug the remotes into your USB port on the computer and follow the On-Screen Logitech setup page. The remotes also have a smaller IR window on the back end of the remote where you can use your old remote to reassign commands from it to the Logitech. We both really like em!
This corset is gorgeous and very supportive it's the best corset that I've bought and since I'm a male that does waist training this corset is the best quality corset that I've bought ever. It was received on time and true corset customer service is great! I have a 38 natural waist and the 32 inch corset that I ordered fits me great and I will buy more corsets from True Corset.
This is a great heater. Easy to use, quiet and lots of heat. When I need another heater I'll get another just like it.
I have had this computer laptop for slightly over 2 years. This purchase was worth it, at the time the graphics card and processor were really good specs, and they still are. Im able to play video games such as emulators and pc games. the backlit keyboard is a great look too when using your laptop in the dark. the picture quality is also great, with great detail. the little speaker it comes with also packs a punch. Not to mention the touch screen the laptop has. when you dont want to use the trackpad, you can use the touch screen on it. I recommend this product.
i buy this camera about 3 weeks ago,and i can say is a verry good camera,make nice pictures,is a performant camera and i like it.if you want to buy a digital camera buy this camera you don't regret this choise.
Comfortable and easy to use! If you need a nose hair trimmer I highly recommend this one! Best nose hair trimmer I have ever used!
love these! comfortable in the ear, really good sound quality. so far great battery life. good buy for the money
I installed this camera on my truck with no problem. Very easy to install and great picture! Definitely worth the money for this backup camera!
Very sturdy, easy to use and it's adjustable. You can fit almost any laptop on there. It makes typing easier too. I should have bought this a long time ago. I will never use my laptop without this stand. You must get this for your laptop. My laptop has never heated up again. I use it while I'm in the bed and it keeps the laptop stable. It's great.
What a great fridge! And freezer combo! I originally had a Haier Fridge and I was great! Had plenty of storage however the freezer was lacking. It was in a small compartment in the upper right corner. Couldn’t store much besides an ice tray or one single entree. So I was in desperate search for the perfect fridge with a separate door for the freezer, and this was the one! Ample space in freezer, took a little sacrifice in fridge space but so worth it. Very quiet and great build quality! If having a decent size freezer is important to you highly recommend this unit!
I absolutely Love this Watch! I had a Samsung Smart Watch, I sent it back . It's a very Nice watch if you want your phn on your wrist I guess and it's not a FitBit . Theres Nothing Like a Fitbit Versa 2 Love that I can Use Alexa !
I love this cast iron pan. It keeps the food hot and looks good too
Definitely the most comfortable mattress I've ever used (over a year now). I'm a back sleeper, so this mattress is perfect. I do sleep on my side sometimes and it's still great. The mattress is firm, but not stiff. Just right. I built a custom bed frame to support mattress. Didn't like quality of Casper's.
This cover for our golf cart was made of Good quality fabric and fit our 2 person golf cart perfectly.
What a great lens! Just bought this for my Canon 6Ti and it is incredible lens for the price. Use it now more then any other lens.
Bought this to punch new holes in my leather belts. All I can say is it did its job.
I'm very glad I found this on Amazon. I had several pair of shoes, mostly sandals that I couldn't wear because one shoe was too tight even though they were wide fit. This shoe stretcher did the trick and now it's like having 3 new pair of shoes and I didn't have to try to return or give them away.
I have a Roku 2, 2 Roku 3's and a Roku 4. Got this to try out on a spare TV. Works great. A bit slower than the 3 and 4 but better than the 2. Streaming is great
These cute curled up kitty wine glass markers are functional and adorable! They would also make a great gift for any cat lover on your list.
This stuff is the best for getting rid of cat smells. First day or two that it's out, you can smell the Fresh Wave, but then that dissapates along with the pet odors. I order this a lot because it works!
I thought this would be great but the second time I used it one of the small wheels for the cart just folded under and broke. Although the dolly wheels are relatively heavy duty, the swivel wheels for the cart are cheap plastic and easily buckled with less then 100 pounds on the cart. The dolly still works but my whole purpose in buying this item was so we could use the cart.
Very easy to use and makes a great cup of Espresso
This is one of the best products for me (I have oily/combo skin). I have tried many Korean face cleansers, but this product seems to make my skin feel really great after washing--like it doesn't leave my skin feeling like I didn't scrub the oil off my face hard enough. I would recommend this product for cleanser fanatics. :)
Previously had a HD plasma TV with a great picture but recently needed to get a TV with WiFi, so bought the Samsung QLED TV, Was concerned that the picture you see in the store is a very high resolution feed so the picture is better than when you get it home, that was not the case. We have Uverse and the picture is spectacular. Would recommend this TV to anyone.
l bought this bakers rack to make more counter space for my small kitchen. It is easy to assemble and comes with good instructions. The wood cutting board is very nice. I use mine to hold a medium sized microwave oven and coffee maker. Its very sturdy and looks nice. The two bottom shelves are great for storage.
Easy to assemble. Heavy though! Can always rely on this bike to get a great workout in a short amount of time. Really happy with my decision to trade my spin bike for the air assault bike. Assault bike is also easier on my beleaguered back.
So small, my laptop and mouse will not fit on lap desk together.
I hardly ever write reviews on the items I buy from Amazon, however this item is so awesome that I feel like I need to let everyone know. If you are looking for moving straps to carry heavy items in the house, rather it’s on stairs or what not, these moving straps you are the ones should get! I’m 5 ft tall, husband is 5’8 and we moved 2 sets of washers and dryers up and down our L shape stairs with no problem! Highly recommended! !
Purchased this lens for macro work, also find it works great for portraits. Canon did a great job with this lens.
It's great if a WIFI router to go with your router or modem. It taken me over 6 hours just to get internet. You need to make an account with Linksys/belkin download the app to your phone then try getting into the interface to do firmware update for it. I can't even access it on the Pc via the web interface. Good spec WIFI router but you will need a working router/modem
I brought this printer to replace 5 year old "All in One" printer. Ease of set-up was amazing, Unwrap printer and plug-in, had my network recognize printer, load software and you are up and printing. Print quality is great, photo prints are awesome too, just be sure to use correct paper, really makes a difference. Ink cost, ability to fax and two sided printing makes this a great home office printer. Really happy with purchase.
I have narrow feet. Saucony shoes fit me best of all the brands I have tried. I bought an elastic shoe string called Lock Laces to use with the shoes. The combination of shoe and laces are all day comfortable.
Extremely easy to set up, nice and sturdy; great canopy for the beach
The best toothpaste for sensitive teeth! I have been using this toothpaste for a long time now and my sensitivity is much less noticeable!
This device works really great! It is indeed a quick set up and there is nothing much that you need to do. Just power it up, select your network and you are good to go. No configuration needed. It can be used as a router or a range extender. I have two cascaded devices one as a range extender and the earlier version of Almond as a router. It has greatly improved the strength of the WiFi signal through out my home. If you are looking for an easy to use and a good quality device, this one is for you. Very happy with the purchase!
Just some of the best boots/shoes I have ever put on my feet. This is my second pair of Danner boots. I also have and wear a pair of 453 Danner boots. They are both outstanding boots. Really a great fitting boot and very comfortable.
This is a great bean bag. Much larger than the kid size bean bags in Target and a good price. My eight year old daughter loves it.
This product is the only one I use on my glass top stove. It is a great product.
Great canopy. Very easy set up. Works great for my artshows.
Works well as a thermostat and is easy to install. Beware of battery sensor issues. After a year and half the battery sensor said low and to replace the batteries. I put several sets of new batteries in (Energizers and other brands) and the thermostat says all the batteries are low. Seems to be a TX500U issue since the other, much older, Lux thermostat still works great.
I purchased this to help me with finger strength for guitar playing. I must have very weak fingers because this device even on light tension was tough on my ring and pinky fingers. I've been using it for about 10 minutes every day and am definitely seeing improvement in my strength. If you have a difficult time pressing strings with your ring finger then I would recommend starting with this light tension to build up finger strength. I gave this 4 stars because I wish it was adjustable so that I could increase the tension now that my finger strength has increased.
I must say I am very impressed with this concealer. I have used every concealer under the sun from luxury brands to drugstore and this works best for my under eye circles. I have fair skin so my under eye issues are more due to a bluish dark color rather than just dark so it is much harder for me to find something that works. I do still use my own makeup sponge to blend but the applicator on the end does work as well. I also use a peachy color concealer first but that is something I do no matter what makeup I wear that day. Overall, I would definitely recommend giving this a try.
These are comfortable headphones that look and sound great. Love them.
I've had this tablet for a little over a year and a half now and it is still working good. There are a lot of good things about it, such as the stand, it has been very useful having that. It also has an amazing battery life and also really great speakers for a tablet. The speakers on the tablet are actually a lot better than either one of my laptops. I would have given it 5 stars, but there is one thing that I don't like about it, and that is it can be quite slow and sluggish at times. It's been that way since I first bought it. Other than that, it is a really good tablet.
I ordered the bags and the funnel. They were easy to fill with funnel. We made adult popsicles and my friends Help make them. Everyone loved them !
I love this light it is very bright and the the battery life is great!!! I really do recommend this light!! !
These bed lifters worked perfectly to raise my bed so that I could put containers under my bed. If you need a little more storage, I would recommend you buy these risers and buy some plastic containers with rollers to store shoes, paper wrapping, sewing and yarn, or anything else under your bed. The almost 4 inches of added height were perfect as they didn't make my bed too high to get into (as some others did I had bought in the past). Also, the wood looks nice instead of plastic like some other bed lifters. Love these wood bed lifters, I would recommend, and will buy them again if I need them for another bed.
This is my second Chromebook. I purchased the Toshiba 2 Chromebook which is quite similar but this trumps it in all build quality. The Toshiba laptop is great and would recommend as well. But for same price its better to get the Acer Chromebook 14, Aluminum. If you are thinking of getting a Google Chromebook this is the laptop to purchase. Five Stars!
This makes my hair SO soft. I’ve had my hair bleached many times and my hair needed some help. This made my hair SO SO soft. I have thick hair and this didn’t weigh it down
Nice TV, but I had to buy a nother antenna to get one of the local channels.
Really nice bookcase, sturdy and nice looking solid wood shelves. Easy to assemble. Will buy more of these for my house.
Great piece of furniture that fits perfectly in my dining room. The color is a little darker than expected, but everything else is great.
I purchased the Arlo Q Plus wired camera after owning other brands wireless camera. The audio and motion detection work amazing well. The 1080p picture is great and the 180 degree field of view makes it so I can see my entire room. I like that I can plug the camera directly into my Ethernet, and I can expand my home security system with more Arlo cameras. The Arlo app works great, and I could add my wife as a user to my Arlo account so she can use the app on her phone too.
You first need to set up the Kasa Smart App on your phone. Once that's done, you open the Kasa Smart App, plug in the Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Mini by TP-Link, plug in whatever device you'll be using (Living Room lamp for example) and sync it all to your Wi-Fi system. After that's all accomplished, you open your Alexa App on the phone and "sync" Alexa with your Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Mini. This is all a pretty simple process and when completed, Alexa will turn your table lamp on and off with verbal commands. This plug is wonderful for syncing different devices with Alexa.
One of the best pieces of equipment in my home gym. Very sturdy, mounted easily on my power rack, and very fluid and smooth. That little knob on the sleeve is pretty useless...can't imagine anyone uses that. But other than that, couldn't be happier with it. Definite 5-star piece. Great for t-bar rows, landmine work, etc....if you've got a home gym, get one. My new favorite exercise; one-arm shoulder landmine presses. Great for lifters with beat-up shoulders.
Excellent monitor. Speakers of the monitor are really bad, But, most do not connect audio to the monitor, anyway.
This computer is amazing! I am new to pc gaming and this pc does everything I wanted, plus it looks really nice. I can play any game at ultra without any lag. If you're planning on buying another pc, stop reading reviews and buy this one. It's 100% worth it.
Love this TV, my first 4k tv and couldn't have been happier. Amazing picture! Also my first Sony TV, I usually stick with Samsung but the reviews of this TV everywhere swung me.
This is a great lunch box. It easily handles my breakfast and lunch which I pack each work day. Love the two compartments so I can take things that don't need to be kept cold as well as a large compartment where I use two small ice packs to keep my food cold. Love this lunch box. I would buy it again. It was everything I wanted in a lunch box. Time will tell about durability but for now, I'm happy.
Wicked Awesome high quality Vortex Rangefinder. I can consistently range out to 1200+ yards. Can't beat the Vortex lifetime warranty.
This are good gloves. My 6 year old loves them.
Best knife out there! Make sure you buy Olga blade for it. The cheaper blades just don’t work as well.
So after almost 3 months of use this dash cam is just perfect. Blends in with the car very well, small an very aesthetically pleasing. Camera quality is great, and if you also install the rear camera it’s amazing. I leave my rear camera on all the time, and don’t use the actual rear view mirror, instead I use that camera as it gives you a wider angle when looking behind the car. Has a built in parking monitor option which is why I got this dash cam, and it works flawless. If someone hits your car while parked the camera will turn on and record for about 30 seconds. Definitely recommend, great product.
love the colors, will be getting another palette of colors
I like my new saw very much. It is quite easy to mount saw blades. The saw was easy to set up as well. The instructions for the alternate saw blade mounts (jaws) were very unclear. All in all, this is a really good scroll saw and I can hardly wait to get busy with it.
The mask fits great didn't fog up. I'm going to get a darker lens for it. but overall a great mask. It worth it.
Today is the 2nd time I used ithis bag and the zipper busted. 12 days past the date I can return, for $60 you should be able to find a better quality bag that might actually have some longevity. Not worth the money keep shopping... after Posting a negative review, the seller of this bag contacted me and has offered a replacement bag. This bag has a lot of functions and I love the bag because I can carry so much with me. So I was very disappointed when the zipper busted but the seller offered to send a replacement for the defective bag.
For its price, it is a great rack. I use it squat and pull ups.
Seriously. Honestly the best foot cream for dry cracked heels. I can’t find it anywhere except amazon anymore. I’ve been using it for years and it’s the ONLY foot cream that actually HEALS. I grew up with horrible cracked dry feet. Now I have had beautiful soft feet and heels for a couple of years now because of my regular use of this lotion.
I love this oil Very good looking skin after using this product
This is our mattress for the last 4 years now. We're writing this review now because someone recently has been searching for a new mattress and werealized how much we LOVE this mattress, it's soft but it is firm enough to give you good back support and neck support. We have never ever had the chance to complain about this mattress because we have never had a bad night of sleep on this mattress. For someone who has neck and back issues I highly recommend as a comfortable mattress.
This is my first gaming PC ever and I honestly love it. It runs all the games I’d like it to and it is also very smooth. I recommend this for anyone who is not looking to spend so much money and wants a good PC.
These were very nice socks - loved the material and did not slide down. However, these were NOT compression socks. Perhaps if you had huge feet and calves, they might fit like they are compression socks. Otherwise, they were more like dress socks.
I love this light! I have a tiny guest room that needed a bedside lamp/nightlight. And this hue go is perfect - clean design. Also, i was able to hook up this light to Alexa with the hue bridge 2. So now I just ask Alexa to turn on my hue go, dim it, turn it off, etc. Love it!!! Awesome as a night light, for ambience - mood setting, and as a reading light.
This is a good buy super nice chair , easy to put together makes a really good tattoo chair very very happy!
Great modem router but not from Amazon warehouse!!! Want to purchase a certified renewed modem and found that modem that I received not working as supposed to. Probably this is was the original problem with this modem why it was returned or sold back to Amazon. Due having a mid range internet speed was able to discover the issue with this unit. Having a 300mb internet speed from Xfinity was able to receive only 220-230mb with wired connection and wifi was around 110-140mb Spend two hours with Xfinity and Netgear support team and they told me that there is some issue with the modem/router and it will be better to returned it back to Amazon.
I love how sturdy the pilates ring. Easy to use
