It ’ s cute too. Love this shower cap! It fits all of my hair and everything stays dry. It ’ s super cute. I used to use the shower caps from hotel rooms. I could not pass up this shower cap. This shower cap is super adorable! It also does not keep my hair from getting wet. Really cute though. Have not had it long enough to assess durability. Cute, comfortable and well-made. Looks cute on while showering on too. It ’ s also cute and elevated with a nice thick band on the interior which keeps baby hairs inside and the cap in place!
Great for the price. I love these lamps. Easy to assemble. It is thin and doesn't give off a lot of light. 2 in the living room and one in the bedroom. We do not have a ceiling light in our room so we rely on these lamps quite a bit for light. The pack is a great value and I love that it even comes with light bulbs. It's nice for the price. Nice lamp. I love the look of these lamps. The base has enough Heft to keep it from tipping. They are easy to put together and give a soft look to the entire room. The description of the item says a set of two lamps ...
It's great. I have had a Fuji Xe-1 since day one, and so I was delighted to get this Xt-1. Great camera. If I had to choose one camera for travel photography, this camera with the 18-135Mm lens would be that camera. The kit Lense is so so. This is my first Semi-Professional camera. I love this camera. I have been taking pictures for a long time. This is an excellent camera. As with the other Fuji X bodies we use the images are super sharp! Not the sharpest picture, but very acceptable with the 55-200Mm lens. I am never going back to mirrors! Fuji is always updating the Firmware making a great camera even better.
I highly recommend this apple Peeler. I love this Peeler! Love this apple Peeler! This Peeler works great. Make a lot of apple pies and these are my go to! It does not Peel a lot of the apple flesh. I was able to Peel all my apples and slice them before they turned Brown. The only problem I had was with the suction cups. It peels apples quickly. Love the Starfrit apple Peeler. Sharp blade. And the included Slicer Corer makes having a nice healthy apple a real pleasure. We use this to Peel apples for drying.
Great product! My sons use it for rebounding Soccer balls. Great Rebounder. Easy to assemble! Perfect for Lacrosse. We have had several Rebounders over the years and this one is the best! The hardest part was the Bungee cords at the End-But my son helped with the last few tough ones at the bottom. Kids love it. Today I installed about 12 more Bungees and what a difference! He throws pretty hard and the ball does bounce back to him. The Rukket Basbeball Rebounder is a very well made product. This product serves them both well. This thing doesn't budge.
I wear a 9.5 and ordered a 10. Best winter boots I have ever owned! Returned and order half size larger and still too small. They run small. Agree with the other reviews that these boots run a bit small so I was fortunate to have ordered them a size larger than normal. After reading that these boots run small I ordered one size up and hit the Jackpot. Well made, sturdy, nice tread that grips well on ice and snow, and warm! My only complaint is that the Pull-Up-Loop on the back is too small to get your finger through. It's a good thing I did! Great boot, but order a full size larger than usual. Fortunately, I have a friend they fit perfectly and who loves them. Glad to see they're made in Oregon. I am pleased with the overall comfort as well.
Works great! I love this grill. Great grill. Excellent grill. Easy to clean. Easy to transport. Otherwise, it is a pretty nice grill. It's small but you can cook a lot of food on it. Bought this for camping. I thought the mobility of the grill would be better for me than a large heavy conventional gas grill. The cast iron Grates are substantial. This grill is perfect! We use it for camping.
Recieved the watch today and it was very nicely packed. This is my second Nixon watch and I am very pleased with it. Loved the watch. Really nice watch. Great watch. This is by far the best watch I've ever purchased. Get this watch instead. They are big and heavy statement watches. Get lots of compliments when wearing it! I don't like that the back of the watch is scratched already upon opening and the box was torn when I open the envelope. I received my watch fast and on time. This watch definitely isn't for everyone, but I have lost count of the amount of compliments I have received while wearing it. The watch is quite large 51Mm, but this the type of watch that I like.
I really like this Microwave! A great Microwave. I really liked this Toshiba Microwave until it quit working 4 months after purchasing it. There is a difference between the Timer and the cook Timer. Other than that I really like this Microwave. Decided--for our household--the pull handle more stylish, more reliable, than push button to open! We need a Microwave like everyone else. Also, the feet on it slide around our counter a lot when we push the buttons to Nuke stuff. Very powerful. The Microwave makes a loud noise when the turntable goes around. Cooks quick. Cooks evenly and they even made the Popcorn button work perfectly. Heats anything in 30 seconds.
But the good thing is that it is oily like the other brands, and you will not feel anything on your face. I love this Primer because it doesn't Irritate my skin and is a great, silky consistency. She uses it both as a foundation (since it is a Primer) and loves that it is also a Sunscreen. It is by far the best Primer I have ever used. Really Smooths and helps makeup application and Staying-Power. It looks greasy and heavy, but it is not how you feel on your skin. I use this product under my Foundation/Highlighter/Contour products and it works well. This is a great Primer. It is a waxy texture straight out of the bottle and it goes onto skin very smoothly. It makes me as an oily Greaseball completely Matte all day long. I'm confused. Even though it's really thick, it's easy to spread out on my skin. It has a very silky feel and almost gives my skin a Matte finish.
Don't waste your money. I love this shower head! Very nice shower heads and good pressure. Even the water pressure and settings were great. Water pressure is great even when using both heads. Easy to install! After installation, the main shower head won't light up. I turned off the lights and enjoyed showering in the dark with a light show! No leaks. Definitely better than my crap, stock shower head but ... Main shower head was not assembled correctly. Hand held is not lighting up. However, the lights in the main shower head stopped working after less than 4 months.
This is horrible. Great TV for the price. This TV replaced a Vizio 3D TV. I love this TV. This TV is so much better. Great picture. The picture quality is great. It has a feature called Smartcast which I didn ’ t even know it had when I bought it. Returning TV to get something else Insteas. It's not the best TV overall, but at this price range I think it is the best. Had to get a sound bar. We have 175Mbps Download on our other devices and the TV Bounces around between less than 1Mbps and 3Mbps. The picture quality and black level on this TV is fantastic!
So thank you Chic-Moda for a great product. I love these Sliders! They work well with my carpet and hardwood floors, though difficult to figure out at first. I absolutely love the carrying bag that came with them - added bonus which makes it easier for me when traveling. I love these Sliders (and the carrying case! These are so affordable & I loved the color, so cute! They are fine for the hands but challenging to keep the feet on them when I'm using a set for hands and feet simultaneously. I ’ ve used on carpet and hardwood floor and they slide perfectly on both. These are perfect for my AB workouts! An I absolutely love the color as well. :) the discs work well. Recently got these and wanted to put them through several workouts before giving a review. The Sliders are very well made and I have loved adding them into my routine to intensify specific exercises.
Just gives a more natural look. My lashes look great with this mascara. I love this mascara. This mascara does not Irritate my eyes like most. I have sensitive eyes and regular mascara makes my eyes bloodshot. This mascara came dried up. This is my favorite mascara. Just gives a more natural look. It goes on very smooth without Clumping. Great mascara! I have never disliked a mascara as much as this I bought. Just not enough length. I have never had a reaction to mascara before, but tried this because my eyes were a little irritated.
The platinum Magna collection is just perfect for business travel. It rolls very easily and the leather handle looks good. Travelpro is my Go-To for luggage. Great suitcase. Love this bag. I highly recommend this luggage. The best Carry-On I have ever had. The platinum Magna collection is just perfect for business travel. It sounds silly until you experience it, but I love the way these suitcases roll! I feels as though the whole thing just slides with zero effort required. You'll know what I mean after you try it. It's more than just that feeling you get with 360 rotation. This was the first piece of Travelpro luggage I have purchased.
They are heavy and they are hot. These boots are the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn. Less than a couple months later the Eyelet ripped off one of the boots. The first pair lasted 2 years on an offshore oil rig. I have nothing bad to say about these boots. These boots are garbage. Worn them maybe 2 to 3 days a week at most since I bought them on April 9th. I do lawn sprays and spreads with some sprinkler repair. Nothing detrimental to boots. Soaked at first sprinkler job. I have had several keen products over my lifetime so I thought I'd buy these for my Boyfriend who's a mechanic. I read several reviews and saw quite a few talking about how they tore apart. I never checked the weight and that's my fault.
This camera is easy to use. Great camera! Love this camera. The interface literally walks you through your shoot and helps you take great pictures. This is a good camera for the money. I had previously been involved with 35 mm film Slrs,,, first experience with a dslr and I am happy. My first dslr camera. I love this camera I like the pictures that it takes and it's easy to use. The K50 is a very nice camera. Also compatible with most of my father's old lenses. I'm not a pro but this is definitely a camera to consider. Camera is very responsive, takes images as clear as my previous Nikon D90. Im still a novice so right off the bat the display was very easy to figure out.
They work great. Were purchased for a friend that works with sharp knives and cuts meat all day. I use them when using a Mandoline Slicer, cutting vegetables. These gloves work great. I tested these with a couple of very sharp knives, and the gloves barely even showed signs of damage, let alone being cut through. They were supposed to keep me from cutting my finger. I love these gloves! No more sliced fingers. He was unable to bite through the gloves despite his best effort. I use these gloves for 2 things. The gloves fit well, so I had enough dexterity to do the job. Do not buy these for cut protection. Since I haven't scraped or cut myself, I assume these are working.
Love this cover. Very soft. Love this Duvet cover. I have a King size bed and I ordered a California King in this. This Duvet cover is well-made. Love the material. The material is soft and it's great quality! Love this cover. It's soft and comfortable. Comes with 2 pillow cases. I love these covers but I recently upgraded to King size everything and this does not fit my King size Comforter very well. I love the Zipper. So far, I am very happy with this Duvet cover.
There is no scent. Makes my skin feel soft. I love this vitamin C serum! I also have very sensitive skin and it does not bother me at all. No scent. This serum is amazing! I love this serum. Goes on smoothly and absorbs quickly. I brought this product to help with fading some Acne marks on my face. See a difference in my skin! I ’ ve tried multiple vitamin C Serums and I like this one the best. A little goes a long way. This is the best serum I've ever used.
Works great. The suction cup on the bottom is the best! Great for Spiralizing potatoes, squash and Zucchini that I have tried so far. I 'Love" this Spiralizer. Easy to use, and easy to clean. Blades are very sharp. Easy to use. The suction works great in stabilizing the unit. The suction cup holds it firmly to my Countertop. It was easy to use with the minor problem of the suction cup moving to the locked position. This is so much fun to use. It doesn't move suction cup on bottom. So much fun to use and easy to clean.
Great product. The light is a quality beam. The batteries last a long time. You either need to put the C batteries in it, or use it while it is hooked into a cigarette lighter. Bought 4 "C" cell batteries and installed and the light would not work with them. Very good and affordable spot light for my boat. This is a great light!!!! I love this light. Great SPOTLIGHT. For a single led the beam it puts out is mighty impressive. It is light weight but yet is very bright and is built well!! I have owned Streamlight flashlights in the past and they are well made and hold a charge. I use it on my boat, and keep it near the helm.
I've been using it for one month a and will continue the use. In the winter my skin is so dry and Flakey. I love this oil. This is the most amazing facial oil I have used. This doesn't Leave.My skin oily and I have naturally oily skin. A little goes a long way. This oil has changed my skin care regime forever. Love this stuff. This oil is so luxurious and Moisturizing. I used to think that way too because of adult Acne. Made my skin feel amazing. No scent. The whole drunk elephant line is simply amazing and will change your skin!
I travel for work and it ’ s lightweight and easy to carry. I only needed one of the Usb power cables. This is a great portable monitor that my staff use as a second monitor when in the field. I have purchased this portable monitor twice. That's as close as it'll get to a portable monitor. This monitor is perfect for a portable work monitor. I love this monitor. No brightness Control- on the company Website it says brightness panel with brightness control! Resolution is not good enough & color Fastness is a disaster. Plug and play. Good resolution, but the screen is very reflective. Stopped working 91 days in. Fits in my laptop bag.
I purchased this Router 18 months ago and it has been a great Router. I have been using this Router for about 2 weeks now. Great Router! Excellent Router. Ran the Firmware update, no better. The Router frequent drops the Wifi signal. I love this Router!! I have not seen any dropped signals. Easy to setup. Not to mention that the Firmware is over six months old! Spent some time Troubleshooting, including a factory reset. But the Router just randomly decides to block devices from connecting. I updated the Firmware after quickly setting it up and boom, everything worked.
Great product! This pan is great for a while. However, I do love silicone pans for baking. Love this pan. I used cooking spray and ended up with a perfect pan of Brownies. Squares came out easy and pan was easy to clean. Best pan Evah!!! It Rusts! I am very pleased with this pan because it really is Non-Stick, even without spraying it. The metal rim around the top help alot when putting the pan in the oven. I like this pan. I have used it twice now and had good results. I really wish they would include some sort of directions with it but there were none that I saw.
Can ’ t complain for the price. Easy to assemble. Great table. A great little table for the price! You just screw in the legs. I purchased this table and 10X10 Baseplates (Qty4) to create a Lego table for my son. It looks a lot more expensive than it is. Very easy to put together ..... just screw the legs on. Bought this as a coffee table for my town house. I love this table. Super easy assembly. It took less than 5 minutes to put together. Decent table and very simple to put together.
It ’ s exactly what I was looking for. Also I have a queen size bed, I ordered a King size Comforter and it fits perfectly. I love this Comforter! It is so soft and warm. _______ very soft and Comfy! This is a great Comforter!!! It keeps me warm without getting too hot. I like this Duvet. I love this blanket. I washed it in washer and no rip. It is soft, fluffy but not too bulky, warm .... Not too hot, and perfect with or without a Duvet cover! Very nice Comforter.
The chest strap is soft. Love this heart rate monitor. I love this watch! I use this for all of my workouts and I am so pleased. Very accurate and easy to use! I love my polar watch! I love my polar Ft4! It could not find my heart rate. I love this monitor! This watch is great. I changed the battery and still nothing. It is easy to use and easy to read. The watch is comfortable and the chest strap is very comfortable as well.
These are great. I love these gloves. I really love these weighted gloves. I really like these gloves. Even with the wrist strap tightened they flop around a lot, and my fingers sometimes slide right out. Great gloves. Love these weighted gloves. I love these fitness gloves! I love these Handwrap weights...the only thing I would change is the Pinky hole .. should be a little tighter. The weight is just perfect. The fit of these gloves is still superb, but I seriously hope I won't have to mend them again. I have small hands and wrists. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because it says it includes a workout guide, but mine did not come with one.
Love it! With the Cv-19 curtailing many of my fitness routines, I ordered this fitness circle and am pleased with the Sturdiness and durability. Love this Pilates ring. This is the same as at physical therapy. The ring is lightweight yet it provides a good amount of resistance. The tension, size and durability is comparable to the magic circles I use at my studio. She gets a real good workout and so she's happy with it. It is just what I expected! Typical Pilates ring! I own another 12" ring by yoga Evo, which I like alot, but I wanted to try one with differently padded grips. It did not have the workout guide which was supposed to be included. I Emailed them and within an hour, had the guide by Email. Have just started working out again after 10 years, on a Pilates reformer.
Easy to use and clean. Done in the air fryer. I love the Cosori air fryer, and use it everyday. I've fixed fish, chicken, pork chops, steak, hamburgers, and French Fries. Easy to use and clean. The racks I used to cook a chicken and potatoes together at the same time. The Egg/ Muffin cups are so small as to be useless. Great addition to my air fryer! I love this cooking accessory set for the air fryer. I love the accessories! Everything is moist and juicy. The recipe book provides a ton of options! I've used the Skewers and rack so far.
Made my hair so greasy!!!! My hair is soft and full after using it. I love this shampoo! I have been using this shampoo for several months. Doesn't strip my hair. I have been using this product for about a month now, and it is been helping with my hair loss. This is my third time re purchasing this shampoo! I love the smell and texture. This is the best hair thickening shampoo I have used. My hair feels great. Has a pleasant smell and Lathers up quickly, and Rinses fully. I would highly recommend this shampoo. Also it smells really good.
It ’ s a tinted Moisturizer with SPF 15. I love this tinted Moisturizer. Does not apply smoothly. The product is an amazing match for my skin tone, which has olive Undertones. It goes on smoothly and is blended easily. I have been using it for years now. This is the best Moisturizer/Base that I have found. Jane Iredale products are great. I use Jane Iredale pressed powder foundation plus I have used her liquid face foundations. I sometimes top this with the pure pressed powder for extra coverage. No problem with the application as I use a brush and then set with translucent powder. I love this product. I am not a woman of color and not even particularly Tan and the color is a little light for me.
The coffee maker works great. Makes great coffee! This coffee maker is amazing. It Brews a good cup of coffee. However, this one doesn ’ t keep the coffee warm. When it does brew, completely, the coffee is not very hot. Love this coffee maker! Perfect hot cups of coffee every time. Unfortunately some features are missing that even my $20 coffee maker has like timing. Other than that, the coffee is delicious. You can pour from this glass Carafe without the lid. This coffee make is super easy to move into and maintain. After our last Bonavita finally gave up the ghost, I felt like an old friend had died.
The bag is useless. Great bag! I love this bag! I really like this bag! Good bag. I use this bag as my D & D bag. The shoulder strap is really comfortable. An okay bag. I can fit my laptop, tablet and a few other items all at once. Have had many compliments on it. Use it to carry my laptop and books to school. The fabric is sturdy and the leather is beautiful. Awesome bag.
Not a bad little kit for the price. Liked everything about this kit except that both mandrel's don't fit my 3/8" drill. Typical Dewalt construction. Not happy with this set. Would be nice to if the case was formed to hold a couple of extra saws that I had to add to the kit. This is a great kit for anyone ’ s Toolbox. I used one in my drill press and it gave a really nice clean cut and the saw itself did not wobble a bit. If you have a 3/8 ” drill, you will only be able to use the 2 smallest saws without an adapter to a 1/2 ”. I had to “ make ” one from a 1/2 ” drill socket adapter and socket held together by gravity! .. Looked like good quality but had a hard time drilling through 20Ga metal wall studs. I averaged 2 cuts per hole saw. Had hard time cutting wood also. I ordered replacement thinking it was a bad batch but the replacement did the same thing.
Worth every penny! This is the best coffee maker I have ever owned. Excellent coffee maker. Great coffee maker. The coffee is always perfectly hot and smooth. I love this coffee maker. The coffee is very smooth and not bitterness. The coffee tastes superb. Makes the perfect cup of coffee. It took me a while to decide on a coffee maker to buy (because I have never owned one before). This coffee maker was s easy to use and easy to clean. We love this machine. Looks great on counter.
Don ’ t fall for the “ smart TV ” advertising. I love this TV. Great TV!!! My first “ smart TV ”! Great picture. Do not buy this TV! This is the best TV I have ever had. Nice TV! But we constantly have to unplug it and restart it to get it working - the Hulu App almost never works properly. The power button on the TV itself will not respond. Great picture quality and sound. I highly recommend this TV! This giant line is going down the middle of the screen and the picture Flickers constantly.
The comb feels nice in your hands, and the wood is so fine-grained it's hard to believe it's not plastic. I love my beard comb! This comb is great! I love this comb! This is my first wooden beard comb. Also using the beard oil and beard Balm and loves it! The Fine-Toothed side is great for my beard, and the wider side works well for straightening wind-blown hair. Beautiful comb! Easily fits in any pocket. But combining this with their beard conditioner and it ’ s been great. The comb has two sides with wider teeth on one side and more narrow on the other. I think the small side of the comb the teeth are a hair to close together but that ’ s my opinion. I use the wide section to get the big TANGLES out and then then fine side to comb the beard into place.
Went from a small Monoprice 5.1 which is awesome and serves it's Purose but this combo isn't comparable. This center channel Speaker is great. I admit I was building a surround sound system on a budget, but I couldn't be happier with the sound of these speakers. Great Speaker for the price. These speakers are not that good. Good Speaker for the price. Love these speakers. Very nice speakers. Paired with a Yamaha Rx-V663 and BIC F12. Replaced sound bar with these speakers and glad I did. As for quality, for surround sound they are fine. I bought a pair of these while on sale for $74 each. Polk fan for life.
Enter this coffee maker. Enter this coffee maker. Delivers a hot cup of coffee. Makes a good cup of coffee. It makes great coffee. If you like strong coffee this is not the coffee maker for you. This coffee maker is so convenient and is perfect for a 1-2 person household. I love this coffee maker. You also have to make sure the filter is clean daily or it will overflow in the coffee maker. First cup of coffee tasted like plastic. Easy to clean. Of the 14 oz. Coffee tasted like plastic.
It stays in place and looks so much Neater than the sofa cover. The dogs and cats love it. The dog seems to like it. We ordered a large for our 75Lb Bloodhound. My dog loves the Plushy corners too! We got this pet sofa cover for our Puggle. We have one cat that's a leaner, and he loves to rest his head on the side bolsters. My dog loves this. Stays in place well because of oversize. It ’ s easy to wash and dry too! Nice looking, fits couch well, measurements are as stated, not water resistant at all. We like it and so do the pets. The bed is perfect for my couch.
The Piggy-Bank. Very cute. 3 year old loves it. It's really cute. Best Piggy Bank ever! Bought this for my 2 year old. It's so crazy how majority of Piggy banks are ceramic! Great Piggy Bank! Love everything except it's very difficult to get the coins out of the bank. It is a good size Piggy bank. My 2 year old grandson does the same. It won't break, if dropped. Very cute and durable.
These are awesome! My skin is super dry and disgusting after using it. They stink. It's chemical smelling! The adhesion is great! The adhesion is strong, but the smell of the strips is awful, very fine like. The strip is a bit thicker than the name brand version but it works and does remove Blackheads. The smell isn ’ t great but it ’ s 10-15Mins and it doesn ’ t linger! I do not recommend using these if you have even the slightest bit sensitive skin. This is by far the best Blackhead Remover strips I ’ ve ever used. It definitely adheres to the nose and gets gunk out you didn ’ t even know you had. They work better than Biore for me. I can ’ t believe I found these and better than any other brand and can ’ t beat the price!
Some of the cheese leaked out and landed in the grid of the basket and also towards the bottom of this pan. I have used it for bacon in the oven. Great for frozen French Fries and chicken strips. But it doesn't act like an air fryer. This stuff is supposed to be Non-Stick. I love the copper chef products. It does not crisp the food any more than a standard cookie sheet the copper color seems just painted on do not Recommend​ this product. Easy to clean up. This fits in my toaster oven! So, to try and find a use for the "crisper", I used the Rack/Pan to Bake my chicken breast. Tater Tots come out Crispy like those at sonic. The cooking area is a little small, but the food comes out cooked all around and free of grease. This crisper is our favorite.
I can't believe that it lasts all day long and doesn't Smudge off at all. This is the best lip stain I have ever used. I love this lipstick. It lasts all day. Pro tip: use makeup Remover to get it off at night. It's my favorite lipstick! I can eat and still have lipstick on my lips. This is not a tint, it's a stain. It stays on all day!!! Long lasting! I love the color. The color was just too light for me and I have a lighter complexion. I wish there were more colors!
Don't waste your money. A good laptop for the price! I work with huge Spreadsheets and this laptop works well with the 16Gb of ram. It is very fast. ! dont Wayste your money on this!! It's quick and lightweight. Use this laptop for business. I tried setting up my spectrum Email. Although this one is fast, the fan is extremely loud and will start up even when there are no major programs running. He loves the touch screen and big screen. The setup went without a hitch and the 500 Gbyte Ssd made boot up very fast. I have to admit, that I am not a Touchscreen-User though. The battery life is probably around 4 hours.
These are going back. The most comfortable golf shoes I have ever purchased. Very comfortable shoes. Great shoe! I wear a 9. Would be a good shoe except for the squeaking sound they make when you walk. Love these shoes. The larger size golf shoes are simply not available in Australia! 2nd pair of these. These are like walking on air. Very comfortable shoe right out of the box. In fact my buddies have all Nick named me squeaky on the golf course. I had to order 1/2 size larger to get the correct fit.
Easy to assemble. I love this bench. Easy to assemble. She has 8 pairs of shoes in it. Great bench. So perfect for our shoes! It fits perfectly in the entry way. This is a fabulous Organizer for shoes. Set it on its side to install the shoe pipes or go nuts. The only thing you will need that's not included is a Screwdriver, only for the final step. I weigh 250 lbs and it has no problem holding up. I really like this piece! It took me about 30 minutes to assemble it.
If needed, I would buy another! I love this lamp! It comes with a light bulb for the reading lamp, and I just put in a regular bulb for the top. This is a very nice lamp for the price. Great lamp! It came with the smaller bulb--that worked fine alone until I added a 100 watt bulb on top. Easy to assemble. This is a beautiful lamp. The lower light bulb is not working. I love the lamp, it is so me. Very happy with this lamp. Good looking lamp. Looks much more expensive than it is.
The thickness of the trigger finger (with the plastic piece on the back) makes it barely fit into the trigger guard on the gun. Great pair of gloves. For the price these gloves worked well. They fit decently and are very comfortable. They never mentioned how soft these gloves are, its amazing. On the subject of Airsoft they seem to provide good protection as for Paintball, I don't think so. I ’ ll say this. These gloves are awesome! It Hurted me, but didn't make a bruise. These are the best gloves for Airsoft, I think they could take on a hungry Beaver. Plus they look cool! This allows just your finger to go into the trigger guard reducing any idea that these gloves are bulky. It has a wrest strap to tighten the gloves down as well ..
Great product. The AC ports can be controlled individually but the Usb ports are all turned On/Off together. The App was easy to use and connect with Alexa. Love this power strip! Stopped working after slightly more than 2 months of use, and just 10 days after the return window closed. On the Alexa App, enable the Jinvoo smart skill. Step 1. This is my first purchase of a smart plug of any kind. This is a neat power strip. This company Emailed me to apologize, and alleged that they would either issue me a refund or send me a replacement. It just stopped working out of the blue. It will not connect. I can control each plug individually via Alexa.
My floor looks great! I have real wood floors. My floors look great. I was surprised what a nice shine it gave to my very old wood floors. Easy to apply. This cannot be used on all wood floors. I did 2 coats. This stuff works pretty good, made damage part of my hardwood floor look good again after using a plastic mesh to remove shoe Scuffs! Very easy to use, no strong smell and applies evenly with no streaks. My floors are 6 years old and look 30 years old Unfortunately. Made the floors look like new. I applied twice and I had a party the next day. The Oak flooring was installed by my dad in 1960!
I love this bathing suit! I love this bathing suit! Very flattering. I wear a size 14 and have a small chest. I love this suit! I love this swimsuit! Super cute and flattering. I love this swim suit. This suit is so cute. I ordered a medium. I have a really long torso so the shorts Peek out from the skirt part. This is a very flattering suit and is so cute! I absolutely love this bathing suit.
It's very easy to clean. Easy to use just pour in the coffee grounds and put it in my Keurig like one of the pods. They produce a good cup of coffee and are easy to clean. Specifically, the coffee grounds leak into the cup of coffee (which is not terrible). If you over fill them then as the coffee grounds get wet, they expand and will come out of the top. Very easy to and makes a great cup of coffee. Easy to clean. I tried it multiple times using different "tricks" and different types of coffee grounds, but I never got a decent cup of coffee with it. It's a good size and it holds just the right amount of coffee grounds in it. These cups are wonderful. Saves money by using your own coffee grounds. I love that I can use my own coffee. They work great.
It is annoying. I use it as a monitor for my computer. There is no Camparing this TV to my Samsung 3-D plasma Hd TV!! * your Video card must support Hdmi 1.3A. I love this TV. So if your Video card does not have an Hdmi output, you can forget about full 4K resolution with this monitor. Excellent as a computer monitor as well as a TV. At 4K resolution refresh rate is at 30Hz. Great picture. Currently using this for coding not for gaming. Great resolution, but the display is too Laggy for me to comfortably use it with my 2012 retina Macbook pro. A great TV! One of the best television that I have ever purchased.
Creek Stewart is one of the very best on the subject of Bushcraft and survival, and does not disappoint in this volume. This is a great book. Fun book. I love this book. This book has many clever, useful ideas. Pretty good book. This is my favorite book of Creek Stewart's writings. Love all of Creek Stewarts books! Perfect for anyone looking to learn some new tricks for survival. Great information and useful. I can't wait to get out and try them. An easy read. Easy to read and understand.
Easy to set up. When will the hard drive fail? This is my first Acer and it will be my last. Starts up fast. Windows 10. Using the PC for general purpose. Used my Microsoft account to get started, went back, created Offile account, deleted the account I was forced to start with. So far the hardware seems Ok. you are forced to create a Microsoft account. So she has always had problems with her computers. Suits my needs. Operated for about a minute then disconnected from service. On first power up and Initialization, did not Download anything. Firefox was already Installed- that was odd.
Good quality. Shin guards are unusable. Fits my 10 year old son perfect. This gear is great, has held up fantastic and is extremely durable. My son is 10. We bought this for our 10 year old son. The Crotch protector is removable and was a selling point for girl softball catcher. The helmet with this set is very uncomfortable. This so our second set of this gear. Nice colors, nice quality. This set is perfect for my 9-Year old son who plays both travel and Rec baseball. The chest protector is perfect. Just got this in a youth size for my 10 yr old daughter.
The brush cleaner is eh. Nice to be able to use the same brush for different make up products. As a make up artist, the daily cleaner sponge comes in so handy when I want to Reuse the same brush with a different shade. I tried multiple products, it just wouldn't stop) and just like that my brush was like new! The silicone cleaner really makes it easy to scrub down my brushes and my beauty Blender. The heart brush cleaner is adorable and makes cleaning my brushes fun. The brush cleaner is eh. Cleans brushes dry and wet perfectly! Super cute, love it. Very cute packaging and very cute product. The pink silicone brush cleaner works great with baby shampoo in thoroughly cleaning all brushes. The daily brush cleaner is awesome. This product is exactly what I was looking for.
I bought the Epson brand ink set and the printer will not recognize its own brand ink. It prints fast and comes out great. I have had this printer for over a year. It is also very fast and I like the Double-Sided printing. Print quality is very good. Great printer. I love this printer. The printer and Copier work fine, I have not tested the Fax part. I would Reccomend this Printer/Scanner. I really like this printer. The printer works very well. I would recommend this printer. It prints quickly, has the two paper trays, I load one with regular paper the other with photo paper.
The leather is soft and Supple. Very nice gloves. I love these gloves. The leather is soft and Supple. They fit like a glove! I have big hands and long fingers and the XL was comically large - 3/4 of an inch too long in some fingers, loose throughout. These gloves are warm to the touch and very flexible. High quality leather, very soft & very comfortable. This was a gift for my daughter who is very, very picky about clothing and quality. Soft smooth leather. I ordered the 8.5 size. I would recommend these gloves to anyone. I purchased two pair of these gloves (in red and black) as a gift and the recipient loved them.
It was inexpensive. Great tool bag. I got it for my drill, bits, etc. I have a few of these craftsman bags. Zipper seems pretty good. Would also be a good bag for jumper cables and a few other car trunk items. Perfect for my 20 VOLT craftsman drill, battery, charger and drill bit kits. We have loaded it with emergency tools and equipment. I would recommend this tool bag at this affordable price! Sturdy and plenty of outside pockets. This is a good craftsman tool bag in my opinion. If you're familiar with craftsman and there quality then you should agree that it will get the job done. This case isn't huge, easily Tote-Able, and has several pouches inside.
We used the tent for the first time this past weekend. Great tent! Fits a queen sized air Mattress too. This is a nice tent. This is a good tent. The tent was easy to put up, the rain fly did it ’ s job well, and the air flow in the tent is good. I love this tent. I bought the 3-Person tent for my son. It rained and the inside of the tent did get wet. The tent was easy to set up. Plenty of room for everyone! Highly recommend this tent. I like this tent but it ’ s not the best ..
Doesn ’ t take up a lot of space. The coffee pods were expired. The coffee tastes great. I normally don't have time to make coffee in the mornings before work, but this thing works so fast, I can do it now! Love this machine! It makes the best coffee ever .... beautiful Crema and great taste! I really love the coffee that this machine produces but it leaks everywhere. The coffee is smooth every time and it makes the perfect tasting cup of coffee. This machine is easy to use and produces delicious drinks. I wanted to not cheap out on an Espresso maker so I bought the Nespresso one figuring it ’ s made by a reputable company. Sadly I couldn't find any description of the Frother that mentioned how many attachments. I love this little machine!!! Easy to clean.
Got it installed for less than $100. This is a great stereo! Love this radio. Love the apple car play. Great head unit. Sound quality is great with my factory amplified Bose system (‘ 06 Sequoia). Was a great upgrade from the stock stereo. Touch screen works great. Installed in my 2010 Nissan Xterra, and it is great! I like the fact that I can plug my Iphone into the Usb port and it almost mirrors my phone using apple car play. The downfall for me is the volume button. Everything advertised is serviceable except the blue tooth. The interface is extremely user friendly and easy to learn.
Great product. So, now I have a CD drive and I don't have to lug it around with me everywhere I take my laptop...Win-Win. This Lg Dvd drive works fine. I use this for a computer case (server) that I built and does not have a Opitcal disc drive slot on the case. If you get a good drive, this can be an exceptional model. I have used this to copy thousands of CD's and Dvd's not including the thousands of CD's I have transferred into my Itunes account! I love this little drive! Connects direct to win 7 & win 10 with no need for drivers. Have used it less than 10 times, yes 10 times! The plug in on the back has broken loose on the inside. It worked fine for a while. Computer recognizes it right away on boot and automatically loads what's in the drive. It's lightweight and very portable.
It smells great too! I have fine hair and this makes my hair so soft. It doesn't make my hair look greasy at all either. Love this stuff. I've noticed a dramatic change in my hair. Makes my hair feel wonderful! And it smells great too. This Leave-In conditioner is much, much better. The best hair product I own. I love this product. It smells amazing. This product is a miracle in a bottle. It smells good too!
Chalk is chalk. Chalk is chalk. What can I say it's chalk. Really like this chalk for the gym! Chalk is success itself. But it ’ s chalk, it sticks to my hands and is at a great price. The chalk is very Clumpy in the bag. Not too fine, not too chunky. It's a little Grittier than I like, so if you like finer chalk this might not be for you! I put it in my chalk pouch inside my chalk bag. I will buy again when I run out. Latex. I dont know any differences between chalk brands any types but I know this chalk does what I need it to do.
The bristles are too hard for my gums so I can't use it. We will never go back to plastic Toothbrushes! These are the best bamboo Toothbrushes. I love this toothbrush! The bristles are super soft! My new favorite toothbrush. Raise awareness on how many plastic Toothbrushes are on this planet 🐟🌏. Great Toothbrushes. I really like these Toothbrushes. My only issue has been with the number of bristles that have come out of the brush in my mouth during brushing. Soft bristles. You are not paying Joe for these then you would of a plastic toothbrush. I replace the brush once every 5 months.
I used the pre wax wash and then just put a medium light layer of the wax on my leg and the strips to follow. The GEL works very well for hair removal. I have been using the Nads Pre-Waxed strips to wax my legs because all the targets by me don't carry the jar anymore. Will not get all the hair. While this is a no heat system, you have to heat it. I found the pain was even less than the wax at my salon. Pros: easy to clean and reusable strips. I love Nads. I followed the directions and nothing came off as far as hair. This is practically painless in comparison to any other type of wax I have ever used. Treat small areas one at a time, yes you may need to heat it for anything other than facial use but that's normal. Have used this product for over 10 years. I've been waxing for awhile and just wanted to try something different.
The smell is amazing, I love how easy it is to use. My feet are so soft. My feet are nice and soft where the dead skin is peeling away. The skin did not hurt to remove and my feet were nice and soft afterwards. But when it does start to Peel, it really peels. My feet peeled for almost 2 weeks! After using it, my feet have never looked better. I couldn't believe how much skin peels off my feet and how much smoother they are now! To think that was on my feet. Its been 3 weeks since I used the foot mask too. My feet grow calluses really easily. Didn ’ t like the smell. It's been 6 days now since using the mask.
This tent is huge! Great tent. Fit two queen sized air mattresses without a problem tho Lol. Love this tent. Good tent. Very nice tent. This tent is Huggggeee!!! Two of the nights it rained and we had no problem with leaking or moisture getting into the tent. Bought this tent for a week long camping trip. Highly recommend this tent. Purchased this tent for our family of 4. Plenty of room. The tent is easy to set up.
The eggs are not perfectly Shaped- the tops are flat so this is not good for Deviled eggs. First time use resulted in the eggs sticking to the sides of the silicone cups. Nah, easier just to boil an egg and Peel it! The eggs are not perfectly Shaped- the tops are flat so this is not good for Deviled eggs. I am assume there are chemicals Leeching into the egg. States Non-Stick, they are not. There are many egg Cookers on the market. No instructions though. The eggs no longer have the same texture as if you were to hard boil them. I used Pam spray and they didn't stick but they had a weird rough texture. If you get these, remember to spray the inside with oil first. Just don't forget to spray the molds with some sort of cooking spray, butter, etc. They are hard to clean, Dishwasher wont do it, only hand washing.
Do not buy this. I ended up renting the Cable company Modem/Router so I could connect to the Internet. The Wifi signal is strong and it stays connected, but it drops the Internet more than a dozen times a day. I did not have to contact Comcast Tech support. The Tech support was excellent. Easy to set up. Good signal strength and user friendly settings. This Router/Modem was easy to set up. The signal is great. Stopped working after 2 months. Free from the clutches of my Cable company. Took about 30 minutes. I have optimum and wanted to save the extra $10 on a Modem monthly fee.
Great product! I love this Curling iron! I have blonde highlights & rarely ever Straighten/Curl my hair. Heats up fast. It doesn ’ t work on my hair ... Did not want a cheaply made Curling iron and its not. Gets hot fast. I have the Babyliss flat iron and I love it!! I love this iron! The only complaint I have is the spring clip is quite loose and you can pull the hair right through and out. It has several heat settings. This Curling iron makes styling my hair so easy! I love Babyliss products.
Our daughter loved the color, it is more of a bright pink than in the picture. Very nice beam. My daughter is an X-Cel gymnast and she uses the beam after school and before practice. My daughter loves it. Awesome beam! My daughter loves this beam. This was a birthday gift for my 9 year old daughter. My granddaughter loves it. Great for younger kids. Wonderful home balance beam for my emerging gymnast! Must have if you Ahve a little gymnast in the house and you have the space. Easy to assemble! My 7 year old, level 3 gymnast loves this beam.
I also wish you could pick the color because I got the green one that I don't like, but Oh well! Great lock! I love this lock. Great for gym locker. This is a good lock for the gym. I use it at the gym. Easy to set up. Easy to setup. I really like this lock. This is a great lock to take to the gym. Perfect lock for the gym. Easy to open. The perfect gym locker for La fitness ..!!!
I love the three different sizes. These glasses are great. Love these glasses. Very nice glasses. Love the 3 different sizes. Perfect size for juice. I really like these glasses. Really like this Glassware set. I purchased 2 sets. I received them and Woooowww it was glass. These are very solid and have a nice weight to them. Good heavy Glassware. Great set of glasses!!
Very disappointed with this product. I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee. Makes great coffee! This percolator Brews a good cup of coffee. It won't make full 14 cups of coffee, more like 7 or 8 but doesn't take long to make another pot of coffee. The glass lip on the lid broke off into the coffee pot lid off to fill with water and coffee. I love this coffee pot. The glass knob broke off about the 5th use and Coleman stocks no replacements. This works fine for making coffee on the stove top. The coffee pot itself is nice. Everything is good except for the glass top. Cheaply made. The basket will not stand straight up, it flops against the sides, every time.
Had this on my 3006 for a few years. This is a really nice scope for the money. Great scope for the price. For the money, this is a good scope. 5 shots and it was zeroed in at 25 yards. Put scope on my Lakefield arms 22Lr. Excellent, clear and bright scope. However when compared to more expensive scopes you can definitely tell the glass this scope uses is not the best. Sighted in at 100 yards with 4 rounds. You can actually see better through the scope at Dawn/Dusk than you can with your naked eyes. Holds zero. I got it on a Smith & Wesson M & P 15. Excellent in low light conditions.
It also holds a lot for being normal purse sized bag. I love this bag. I get lots of compliments on it! Perfect for game Day/Clear bag policies. I like this purse. Most of the employees there hated their clear purses, but they all asked me where I got mine! Perfect for wallet on chains...protects them from the virus. Perfect bag for places with clear bag policies. The cross body strap is perfect. I love that the strap is clear, it's easy to get inside, and it keeps its shape. This bag is about as cute and fashionable as you can get with a clear purse. I swapped out the strap with another purse I already had to make it more comfortable and adjustable. Can be worn as a cross body bag.
Would not purchase again. My daughter wears a size 12. My daughter loves these socks. My daughter loves how soft they are and the colors are bright and vivid even through washing. I needed some inexpensive ankle socks for girls and these fit the bill. Great fit! My 6 year old had a growth spurt and suddenly needed larger socks (or slowly outgrew the old ones and did not tell me, whatever). These appealed to her because they are bright, fit over wraps and she can mix and match. They went straight into the wash on arrival and have been pronounced 'The best socks ever'. In fact, we just ordered a second pack. Great price, cute colors, Hanes quality. Fit great on my 5 year old. Seem like the Nike version of this style just lesser quality.
Very comfortable!! Very comfortable!! I ordered the large and I'm a 34-36Dd. Per the Hanes size chart I ordered a small for a size 36B. I like these Bras. I love these Bras. The large was too small for a size 40 and I gave to. Very thin fabric. Iecause I like the overall Stretchability of these Bras. The material is very, very soft and comfortable. I purchased these to use as a sleep Bra. I love this Bra. The material is not very soft or Stretchy.
Love these! I love these mittens! These gloves kept my hands warm! Love these gloves. Also, Mitts do provide more warmth than gloves! Great Mitts! Very warm - and my hands are always cold. Love the liner gloves. The touch screen however never worked for me. Love the liner. Seriously the best, in my opinion and I have been doing Ski/Snowboard sports for years. I really like these because of the features and variety of Colors/Patterns. My phone's touch screen isn't super responsive to these gloves, but I don't mind much.
Great product. Love this Humidifier!!! It is very quiet. Love that it shows the humidity level. I like this Humidifier very much. It also has a night light. This Humidifier is great for my bedroom. Easy to clean. We don ’ t wake up with dry throats and eyes. It does have night sleep mode as well. Very quiet and easy to clean. The noise level is very low and hardly noticeable. This Humidifier works great.
I love this vacuum! By far the best vacuum cleaner I have ever owned. I love this vacuum! Great price great vacuum. This is my second Dyson. I love my Dyson!! A super vacuum cleaner! And it's pretty intuitive going from carpet to hardwood and turning off the Beater bar automatically so the brushes don't harm the floor. Its dirt canister is easy to empty. Picked up two canisters of dust and what not out of the carpet. Power cord is Maddeningly short. The durability of this vacuum is insane. I am very happy with the vacuum.
Great product. This is a great mirror. I love this mirror. It's a nice mirror but the light is too dim. Also the light is not very bright. Easy to install. This is a very nice mirror. Easy to mount. It's a great mirror, but it's not as bright as my other similar mirror. The light is 20 watt so it is not very bright. I have had this mirror for 5 months. This mirror works perfect for me. We were provided a Jerdon mirror at a B & B recently, and my wife said, "This is wonderful".
Can't beat it for the price. Great rock hammer! It's a hammer. Great hammer. I used it for two rock hound trips this spring. It Bashes rocks reliably. It is a good rock pick for the money and good for minor demolition. Overall I find it to be a good hammer especially for the price! The rubber grip is nice to avoid any injury from the impact of the hammer head. It's got a good balance and a secure grip. I'm a geologist and I have used this hammer for 4 years now. This hammer is pretty solid. The head is far from straight and the grind looks like my kids did it.
This chair is okay. Love this chair! My wife and I use them at my son's Soccer game. Nice chairs. It ’ s easy to fold up. Great for the beach and Tailgating. Great chair! This chair is great! A very sturdy chair. Quality is good, I am around 200 lbs. Very comfortable. Good chair. May be because of the shade part.
Past sneaker purchases I have to get used to the fit an whatever bells and whistles, but these have been the exception for me. Love these shoes. These are the most comfortable shoes. Great shoe. This is my second pair. Something must be wrong with the product description! In general I prefer my Merrell shoes to hike in but these Reeboks are awesome shoes. I had been wearing Asics shoes, of which I wear a size 10 1/2, which is a size 44.5 in Europe. I ordered the conversion size for women ’ s as I didn ’ t like the colors offered in the woman ’ s style of this shoe. This is my 4TH pair my favorite shoes ever. Only drawback is they're starting to fall apart after a couple weeks! New puppy got Ahold of my older pair and I just couldn ’ t be without them. Reebok are the only shoes that fit right.
I have some concerns about what other problems will surface after some use. These are the original Ratcheting end wrenches. Ripoff - this set States it has a 1 1/4 in wrench, but the set delivered has a largest size as 1 in. Got the Metrics too!! Great wrenches as I have had the metric set for quite a while. It also comes with the bigger sizes that most don't have. The quality and feel is very good. Good set to have. These have made my job so much easier and faster. 2 out of 3 Gearwrench items were received defective from the same order. One was from 13 piece Sae Ratcheting set, the 13/16 Ratchet is in pieces, like they forgot to assembly it! I have some concerns about what other problems will surface after some use. I wanted the set with the larger sizes.
I loved them. These gloves are warm and comfortable. Great gloves! Bought these gloves for a skiing trip. I love these gloves! They kept my hands warm and dry. These are really nice gloves. I was out in 20 degrees weather and these gloves did not keep my fingers warm. Best gloves I have ever had. The wrist bands were too small for my hands. I like the touch screen feature. Purchased these gloves for a recent ski trip to Colorado. Didn't try Touchscreen.
This is a good deal for a rash guard; however, it ’ s not my favorite. I love this rash guard. I wear a large and ordered up a size. Love this swim tee!!! I ordered a medium and it was ridiculously small. I ordered a size up and it still shows every, single imperfection. It was too tight in the neck and bunched up around the neck. I even ordered a medium size, but usually wear a small, but it is still uncomfortable. It fit very well. I love this shirt. And it's necessary to wear a suit underneath, because there is no support so I wear a Bikini top. I can wear a Bikini with sun coverage and modesty. I recommend this shirt.
I'm amazed that it holds my Iphone while I run and I forget it's there. It fit my Iphone perfectly. Holds my Iphone, drivers license, credit cards and money. Doesn't bounce around when running. I use this to carry my Iphone while running and Biking. I love this belt. The belt is adjustable and also Stretchy. Doesn't bounce. Holds my phone and necessary cards that I want to carry. Like this belt. "is that a Fanny pack?!". Great belt. However, it stretched easily to hold a cell phone and car keys.
Love the lights. The Anker Soundcore flare 2 is better than any portable Bluetooth Speaker that I have used. Great Speaker!! Absolutely love this Speaker! Great sound. Awesome Bluetooth Speaker! Overall a good Speaker. Unit functions as described, no faults occurred in the trial period, I highly recommend this Soundcore flair 2 Speaker to my friends and family. Great sound and good battery life. Sometimes they fall out of sync for some amount of time. Great Speaker with fantastic sound and not too heavy to carry round. The speakers sound great. She loves it the colors are beautiful the sound is loud and clear.
Then just Download the App and you're watching anything that you can watch on your home television. Shame on you sling media. I travel frequently overseas on business and like to watch my college sports. Love the Slingbox! This is my 3RD Slingbox. Slingmedia has lost their mind, and I hope they find it and get rid of these ads because this is otherwise a good product. The remote setup was kind of complicated. I love this sling box. Beware everyone. As soon as I can afford it, I will be reselling my Slingbox somewhere and looking for an alternative. Easy to set up. Slingbox made a terrible decision. If you're desperate to watch American programming abroad this could be a solution of last resort.
Maybe it's just not what I was looking for. It ’ s easy to set up and is one of the few subs that take the Speaker outputs from the Amp. I have it combined with my Inceiling Polk speakers and its a beautiful thing, creating a nice cinema experience. An excellent Subwoofer. For everyone else, this is a great little sub. The best quality is that this Subwoofer will fit any amp out there built. This Subwoofer is awesome. Lots of added thump!! All at an Unbeatable price point. Sounds great. This little sub is perfect for my system that needed a little help on the bottom end. A lot of sound for relatively compact size sub. Obviously not a Velodyne but puts out plenty of Bass for the living room system.
These "white" lights are very yellow. I love that you can dim the lights. Works with Alexa. Noticed that one of the bulbs that I received is not as bright as the others. I love being able to control the lights in the house with my voice! Smart bulbs are 11 feet from the Hub. Easy to setup. I love these bulbs. These bulbs are great! Great as a starter kit. Easy to set up. Works great with Alexa. I have them in my living room and one of the bedrooms.
Perfect fit! I love this belt. It fits my Iphone 6 plus without a problem. I tried a Fanny pack and the arm band but it felt heavy on my arm and it would move a lot. I wear a size 0-2 PANT. I use this to hold my Iphone 6, wallet, Keys, and Microfiber cloth for my glasses. It fits my phone, Keys and Id/Credit card perfectly. I love my Flipbelt. Love my flip belt. This belt is awesome. I ordered a medium belt. It holds everything in place and doesn't bounce around while I run. I ordered a size smaller.
It ’ s more like White-Washed and the color is spotty. I love this bath Caddy. The wine glass holder is my favorite pet. I absolutely love this bath Caddy! I love the Royal craft wood bath Caddy. I really like the wine glass holder. The bath Caddies are perfect for someone who likes to take a relaxing soak! The craftsmanship is impeccable! Would make a great gift, too! Bought as a gift for my wife. The left side has a slot to hold your wine glass. Sturdy and beautiful. It is very well constructed.
This was a gift for my mother and she loves it!! Very comfortable chair. I love this chair. Very comfortable. Over all this was a good chair for the price. After about a year and a half of use the Faux leather started cracking on the seat and arm rests. Great chair! It is the preferred chair in the House. Very easy assembly. It looks very nice and it is very comfortable! The only problem I have with it is the seat padding is not good. This chair is horrible. I ’ ve owned mine for a little over a year now and it is still in great condition.
The picture quality is good, it ’ s 1080. No smart TV, and definitely no Roku TV! This is a great TV for the $$$. I love this TV! Its in my bedroom, and I use it to watch Netflix, and Amazon prime. The picture quality is great. Tv is great, picture is very good. But it's a good TV for the price. So it's not the remote, it's how the TV responds to the remote. The picture quality is good. Nice TV for the price. I have to push a button several times before the TV responds. Stays connected to Wifi!
Would buy again. Love these night lights. They are bright but not too bright. It ’ s the perfect amount of light. Love the motion detection feature! I put them in the kitchen, bathrooms, and Stairwell. These are great little lights. I have them all over the house. Great night light. Love these lights! I needed something to emit enough light but not too much light. They put out a good amount of light. They only come on in low light, go off when the light returns.
These knee sleeves were great, provided great support and comfort during my Crossfit Wods. Best knee sleeves on the market. These knee sleeves are great. Good support and fit. Highly recommend these knee sleeves. The knee sleeves fit comfortably, keep the knee warm, help hold the knee in its natural position and aid in support. These compression braces are awesome. Great support. Fit as expected by SIZING chart. I am recovering from knee surgery and cannot put too much pressure on my knee. Having knee problems, I tried a few pairs of knee sleeves and this one is the one I prefer. My knees used to hurt after my heavy workouts. Great knee support.
Works very well when we had a power outage. Got this to replace a battery backup in which the battery had failed. If you are in a area where you get intermittent power outages once every few months, this is the unit for you. So I purchased this UPS power strip. No outage has yet been long enough to drain the battery. This is the second Cyberpower UPS that I purchased. Have it hooked up to power a security Dvr to protect against surges as well as keep the Dvr working during an outage. Also, this unit does not have a Replaceable battery; it's completely sealed. Battery failed within 30 days of install. The first unit I ordered kept switching between battery backup and AC input every few hours. When the power goes down my computer and Internet is still up. Display says it should keep them running about 100 minutes. This behavior was confirmed by Cyberpower Tech support.
I contacted the company regarding this problem, since the lights come with a lifetime warranty. These solar lights are fantastic. The lifetime warranty is bogus!! These lights are great! I bought two sets of these lights. They are not that bright though. Half stopped working after a few weeks. Easy to assemble. I am very happy with these Solar-Powered led garden lights. Love these lights! I waited 10 days for them to be fully charged, but two of them still do not work. This was after a full day of charging in the sun on the SW side of the house. Even after a day in direct sunlight they went dark after only 2-3 hours.
I love the colors and different categories. Love these cutting boards. Dishwasher safe. I like the idea of using separate cutting boards for chicken, meats, fish, and Veggies. These cutting boards are extremely thin and show knife marks terribly. Locks my cutting board to a tile counter like glue. The small knife was a nice bonus, Knife is great! The knife is sharper than it appears. Thin so easy to store. I live the knife that came with them as well. These cutting boards are just the right size for small cutting tasks. Knife is OK but have used better ceramic knives.
I also found an installation Video on Youtube if the manual was not clear enough. Great fan. The fan works well. On high it ’ s a little loud but that ’ s to be expected with this style of fan. Fan moves alot of air. I would recommend this fan. Fan works great. Moves a lot of air! I finally got around to installing this fan over the weekend. Shutter damaged but box OK (leading me to blame quality control, not shipping). The fan itself is excellent, I am Uber pleased with it. Easy to install. Low setting gives a low rumble, quite enough to sleep through.
Especially for the price. I purchased this for a King size bed. I love this bed frame! Easy to assemble. The instructions are super easy to follow. It took me less than 30 minutes to put together with a screw gun. Great bed frame. Great support for my memory foam Mattress. Quick to put together, they even include a Ratcheting Allen wrench and “ spare ” screws, just in case. If you purchase I would recommend a box spring under the Mattress. Love this frame. Very easy to put together and very sturdy. Great frame!
I needed a pair of hiking boots for hiking and horseback riding. I love these boots. I needed a pair of hiking boots for hiking and horseback riding. This is my second pair. I normally wear a 7. They kept my feet warm and dry. Best boots ever! Great boots. These boots are so comfortable. They are nice hiking boots comfort wise, but I bought them for waterproof and they are not. Perfect boots. I love these shoes. I trail ride and hike.
Looks good. Pouring the wine was a breeze. Makes wine taste better than ever. This Decanter is awesome. Great Decanter, it is my first one. Love this Decanter. This only includes the Decanter base (only 1 thing included). But it does the wine decanting very well. It hasn't been too difficult to pour (except for the last few drops obviously) and cleaning hasn't been too bad either. Reasonable price. There is no pour spout shape so the wine clings to the entire throat of the Carafe spreading wine everywhere but the glass. We hate this Carafe because you cannot pour the remaining wine from the Carafe when you have to tip it upright. It is very hard to pour wine with such a large base.
This is a beautiful piece!!! Using it as a cake stand for my wedding cake. This is beautiful. Beautiful piece. Perfect for Fall/Winter entertaining. Great size for larger pans and platters. I got so many compliments on this cake stand! Supposed to be at least 12" it 10 by 11 inches. We were able to get it back on with some wood glue. I wasn't sure exactly what to expect, but this is an absolutely beautiful serving piece. It would be a great Charcuterie platter, but me, I'm using it for a mouse house. I used it for my nephew's baby shower. We used it for our wedding cake stand, and now we use it for part of a centerpiece on our dining room table.
Love this Wetsuit! I am 5' 5 and 140 lbs, ordered a size 7. I'm 5' 6 / 135 lbs and wear a medium. Bought a women's size 3 for my wife, who is 5' 1" and 105 lbs. I'm 5' 8' and the legs and arms were also too long. I ordered a medium. Great suit for the price. The SIZING chart is perfect. Based on size chart I ordered a size 7 and it ’ s just right. But it fit perfect. Fits great! Kept me Toasty warm in the ocean. Love this Wetsuit!
They don't stay on or latch in anyway to the tray. Best ever ice cube trays. Just like the title, it is easy to release the ice cubes from the tray. Extremely easy to remove ice cubes! The ice wouldn ’ t set right and I couldn ’ t get the ice out most of the time. I love that these have lids! Compact and Stackable. My daughter loves that you just press the silicone on bottom and the ice Pops right out. But the ice is so hard to remove you could put your eye out when it finally has enough pressure to release. I would like the cubes to be a bit bigger. It ’ s great to enjoy ice again! When making chili I just pop out 1 cube of tomato paste! Keep in mind these are small and it takes a lot to make a significant amount of ice.
Great product! Much less money than the big box stores. They look great! I had to get longer screws for them. They look Beutiful on my kitchen cabinets. Love these handles. Look beautiful in my kitchen! They are heavy duty and high quality! These look great in my kitchen and compliment my stainless appliances. Easy to install. Used these on both my kitchen cabinets and drawers. These are great handles for a great price. Identical to those at home Depot for $6 each!
I used it for the first time today and was very surprised how well it worked. Makes my coffee cold in 1 minute! Ice coffee!! It waters down the flavor of the coffee, it doesn ’ t make it cold enough. I use it to make ice coffee. Easy to clean. When I first started using this product I loved it - it works exactly as advertised, cooling my coffee straight out of the Keurig. I keep it in the freezer. It cracked down the bottom and the side. I use it almost every day for iced coffee. Love it but cracked after less than 9 months of use. My Boyfriend and I love this, we both drink ice coffee daily. I was going to make my morning coffee, just to realize that it was busted.
Great product. I have sensitive skin and everything makes me break out except this. It is a great product, does not Irritate my sensitive skin and Acne prone skin, and doesn ’ t cause Redness or Breakouts. I have using this as eye makeup Remover. This is the best makeup Remover I ’ ve ever used. This is a great skin cleanser. I use this to take off my makeup each night. I love this stuff. I use this as my first cleanse and it removes my makeup easily. There is no scent. Absolutely no oily residue. I love this makeup Remover. I have Acne prone skin and never breaks me out.
Works great! They are so great for mixing protein powder in my coffee or hot chocolate. I love this cup. However, I'm so happy with my mug and coffee that it should be a smiling face now:). Great mug. This cup is perfect for Keto coffee at work. It's not as strong to make Keto coffee "frothy" but definitely gift able for someone. It broke after one use. I replaced the batteries and all. Already broken because the place where the batteries goes got wet. This has happened to several of these mugs that I have purchased. Great purchase and I will be buying more for gifts for friends and family. I have other cups that have never done that.
Do not buy. Great alarm clock! Great clock. It comes with a battery backup included, but mine indicates that the battery is not installed. This clock radio does not keep time well. I wake to the radio and the sound quality is better than I expected. Easy to read. This is a very good clock. I love this clock. I also like the fact that you can dim the brightness of the screen. I like this clock radio. Doesn't Sony know how to build a Digital clock by now??? ), and I was unable to reset it to the correct time.
Great product. Received the flask very fast! Great flask. Comes in a box perfect for Gifting. Would recommend this flask to a friend for sure. Makes a great gift too! Nice quality flask. It mus be from he glue used to wrap the fake leather around the steel flask. Made in China. Bought this American flag flask as a thank you gift for our neighbor. It come in a very nice unmarked gift box and is presented very nicely when opened. It came in a nice box which is totally Giftable. Very Classy!
Super cute! Love these boots! I ordered a size 7 and I normally wear a 6.5. Love my Hunter boots! Hunter is a very high quality brand and these boots are super Comfy. They are excellent for rain and keep my feet dry. These are great boots. I can even wear thick socks and it ’ s not super tight on my foot! Best rain boots I ’ ve purchased. They fit perfect. Super cute! But I have very slim legs so the boot was big around calf muscle. I ordered my exact size 9.
So far it's working great. Good remote. This is replacing a previous Logitech harmony universal remote that died after 3Yr. Get this remote. It frequently freezes up, but when it's working, it's working well. If you have the original remote (s) you can even use a learn function if needed (Ifr only).... it handles up to five devices. Love the setup of these Remotes and they truly can do anything but it's hard to ignore the hardware issues. They're replacing it with a new harmony 650 remote. Easy to setup and use. Especially my television, no other universal I had found could connect to my television and the Logitech came through for me. The 300 is simple but would not work my sound bar! Give me regular OL AA batteries any day. If dropped or bumped, even lightly it Reboots and you have to go through the process of doing to beginners help guide.
This is beautiful!! I love this Corset! I love this Corset. Love this Corset. Very happy with this--as advertised, true to measured size, and even when I had to order a size down it fit very well!!! My natural waist is a 30 I ordered a 22". The SIZING chart was very helpful. A real Corset! I have a long torso and this product seems too small. I wear it all day long- even at work. So beautiful. It's perfect and made my Halloween costume fit to the t!! Its even more beautiful than pictured, high quality and fits like a dream.
Love this heater! Provides even heat for a room. Great heater, ample heating capability. When I need another heater I'll get another just like it. I purchased this heater because I wanted a heater that would operate silently while I sleep. This heater works great. It works good at radiating heat. It's super quiet and does it's job. Doesn't heat immediately, but will warm if settings aren't "Jacked about with". This heater has 3 separate controls: a thermostat rated 1-6, two Toggles (move oil? Heats up quick for an sealed oil heater. The heater I purchased was sold by Ojcommerce on Amazon.Com. I leave this on 24/7, it keeps my open living room between 68-70 degrees when the temps are around 30 degrees outside.
Tremendous value and performance for the price. I love the touch screen. Replaced the hard drive with a Ssd. Great screen and keyboard. I've never owned one before and I love this laptop. Excellent laptop. Love this laptop. It's a powerful computer. I love this computer. Touch screen is not necessary. Love that it plays all my games like Sims3 without any lagging or freezing. I recommend and upgrade of the Dvd to Bd disc and if you can you should upgrade the Hdd to Ssd. Great machine.
I got this camera for my husband for Christmas a few years ago. Love this camera. Great camera at a great price!. It takes great pictures with ease. Purchased this camera to hold us over until we bought a dslr. If you want to make a step Foward, go from normal small Digital cameras, to a more complete camera. I upgraded to this from a little Kodak point and shoot Digital camera. I use rechargeable batteries. Good camera for the money. This camera has fantastic features for the price. There are more issues with it but to get to the bottom line: I would not recommend this camera. Takes good pictures and is easy to use. Very nice still shots though.
I changed the battery but it was still lifeless. This is the best nose hair Trimmer I have tried. Stopped working after a few uses. Uses a AA battery (lithium) and comes with a travel bag for all attachments. It does not trim nose well. I loved this Trimmer. Even though it was brand new, we replaced the batteries and it still does not work. Great Trimmer. Tried new batteries, still nothing. Motor is plenty powerful and battery lasts a long time. Use on my nose and ears. Died within 3 months. Easy to clean.
I have to Reboot the left ear Bud every time I try this .. Love the ear buds. The Treblab X2 is the first Wireless Earbuds that I have ever owned. These are by far the best Earbuds I have owned. They still totally stay in my ear no matter what I do and they sound great. Unfortunately the battery life is extremely short. Absolutely love these Headphones. Earbud tips stay in place (don't fall off) and the ear fins hold everything in your ear. I have very small ears, and none of the attachments fit my ears. Great battery life. Excellent sound quality. The sound, quality, is great. Sound quality is excellent!
Great product. Easy to install. The camera works great! Easy installation. Fairly easy to install. Use it to back up to trailer mainly. Has a very clear image. The camera is easy to install. I used this backup camera for my 2013 Chevy Malibu. Good camera. Love this back up camera. I spliced into the back-up wires with the Connectors that are supplied and the system works great. Picture quality is very good.
Works great. I use it at work for my laptop and it's so perfect. I would recommend using a separate keyboard and mouse to type and click though. It fits my laptop well. Good air flow under frame. I love this laptop stand. I like that it's adjustable and I've been playing around with the different heights. It is adjustable to several different heights, but I like the lowest setting for myself. I stream quite a bit and the ventilation is necessary. The only Gripe I have with this stand is that the front parts that keeps the laptop on the stand, are really high. I can adjust it to custom heights. I love this stand. The wrist rests.
This is a great little Fridge. I really like that it has a separate freezer compartment, but it makes the Fridge section smaller. The freezer is small, but will hold a couple of ice trays, and a half gallon of ice cream. The freezer works great; freezes ice cubes solid. Great mini Fridge! Very quiet. This little refrigerator is great! The freezer is big. Awesome little Fridge. The old one had a small freezer compartment, but I love how this one mirrors a large refrigerator with a true freezer compartment. It's a nice little Fridge and the freezer is large enough to put quite a bit of stuff. They made sure that the refrigerator was. Freezer works great.
I love the new versa 2 and I'm so happy to see this upgrade. I love my Fitbit versa. It ’ s adorable and the battery life lasts forever. Tracks my heart rate, my steps and so much more. I love this watch. I love the sleep tracking. If you are expecting a smart watch like an apple watch then you'll be disappointed. Maybe an apple watch. I love my versa 2. It's my first Fitbit. It is a great watch and Tracker. The sleep Tracker is very accurate. Bought the watch to mainly monitor my heart rate and Spo2 during sleep.
They are made in the USA. Love cast iron!! When using them you need to remember that the steak keeps cooking on the plate. Keeps the steak hot while you eat. I made my own Fajita! You can't go wrong with lodge. I ordered two of them and have used them like crazy. It's so Versatile it can go from the grill to the oven to the range and never Miss a beat. Great to use anytime you want to keep your food warm! You can Pre-Heat on stove or oven...my oven is this type--(the oven I bought from Walmart at the time Amazon didn't carry it.). A must have for every household. Anyway, you're better not cooking on this Fajita pan. It was a perfect dinner.
I had pain in my hips, shoulders, and knees sleeping on the Mattress. I have been sleeping on this Mattress for over a month. Memory foam pad. This is the best Mattress I have ever used. I like a firm Mattress, but it's a little too firm. Love this Mattress. I sleep like a baby. Love my Casper Mattress! Not too soft, not too firm. Not sure if I would recommend this Mattress. It's a great Mattress and doesn't seem to get hot. My only issue is that I ordered a queen, but I got a King. This Mattress is amazing.
Easy to put on. Covers my golf cart just fine. This is my second classic cart cover. Great cover for the price and fast shipment! The cover fits great. Does not keep rain off the golf cart at all. Love this cover. Keep the golf cart clean and no leaf build up over the winter. This seems to be a nice well made cover. Easy to put on. Fits great. Additionally the Zipper and snap is still in tact. Ez on and off.
Especially for the price. I love this lens! This lens is a must for portrait photography! Great lens! This lens is a must have!!!!!! I use it with my canon T3I and I wont use anything else! This is the best lens ever! It ’ s my go to for portraits and details. It's a little soft with the aperture wide open, but that's to be expected. It ’ s great for portraits. But this lens is perfect for portraits and family sessions! It is a must for any photographer! This lens is not perfect.
Love it! If you need to punch holes in leather, then this is the tool for it! This belt hole puncher is great! Easy to use. Cutters also came very sharp and well able to cope with thick leather belts. I recently lost a lot of weight and all of my belts were too big. Handy tool to have. This worked perfectly to punch a few extra holes in my authentic Gucci belt. I used this on a pretty thick leather belt. This is a very sturdy and high quality hole punch with the little extra's that make it even better. Great tool! This is a quality tool that does the job. I recommend the tool.
I need to stretch my left shoe always to make a little extra room for my longer 2ND toe. Well, I got new shoes but in sickness forgot to have them stretched and kept them in my closet for a year. So now I get to wear my new shoes comfortably. This works great in all of the shoes that I have tried so far. Does not open wide enough to really stretch your shoe from side to side enough. Installing the shoe stretcher, and then placing the shoes in the warm sun helps! Seller please help. Shoes that fit perfectly otherwise rub over that joint. My daughter suggested I try to stretch them on my own. Keep in mind I am disabled, and I still found it easy to use. I did everything it said, and it worked perfectly to stretch out my shoes! The price on these are great, but you really do sacrifice quality. These don ’ t expand all the way open, instead, when they ’ re put under pressure, they start to make concerning noises and begin to reverse.
I have the Roku Express on 3 TV's. I love the Roku. Nothing worth watching on Cable so it's good to have Netflix and Amazon prime to go to. Thank you, Roku! Easy to set up. Even comes with an Hdmi Cable and actual name branded batteries. I recommend this to anyone that does not have a smart TV. I use the Roku in my bedroom and have only one Cable box from my Cable provider. Buy the Roku Express 2017. Its easy to set up and navigate. One for every TV! The Roku is my favorite streaming device. I have 3 streaming devices: apple TV, Amazon fire stick and the Roku Express.
These are so cute! These are so cute! Just on slim stemmed wine glasses. Got these wine glass markers for our neighbor who has several Kitties. They do fit my wine glass stems and would be a practical solution as markers. These are adorable. These are so much fun! I got these as a Christmas gift for my mom, but I want to keep them for myself. Included these in a gift basket for a friend and she loved them. She loved them!!! We have a lot of parties so these are a huge hit! My mom is a cat lady. I love that the colors are different it made it better to differentiate the glasses.
This is a great product! And I barely notice the scent of the fresh wave. It doesn't cover the smell. The odor disappeared after about 2 weeks. I keep containers near the cat litter boxes and in all rooms. I have two cats and two dogs. I love this stuff. It smells like natural essential oils to me. I have been using this product for years. It smells good close up but the smell gets lost in the closet. This GEL has a nice, clean smell. Great stuff. The smell was gone after a few days.
Works great. It says it ’ s good for up to 400 pounds, but I wouldn ’ t try it. I love this cart!! There is enough gap between the washer below the lock, the lock pin and the wheel, so the wheels are wobbly. Great cart. Easy to assemble. I ’ ve used it for everything from unloading groceries to moving boxes to storage. It is light weight and easy to use. This seemed like the perfect cart. Easy to maneuver. I like the versatility of both Handtruck for tall pots and the Dolly for squat pots. I love this Dolly, and it's price tag! Nylon is much lighter than a steel equivalent, though.
This little thing is brilliant. Now I can have a great cup of coffee and a breakfast bar in my hotel room and avoid the temptation of the hotel waffle. It's super easy to use & makes a dang good Espresso! Great tasting Espresso. You do need access to hot water is all. My only thing is I wish it made about 4 times more, but then it ’ s not exactly Espresso. Its so easy to use and to clean. Coffee was amazing. It works as promised and is a tasty cup of Espresso. Cool idea, cute little thing. Following the instruction and put in the coffee ground as instructed doesn't mean you can get the right pressure. This little thing is brilliant. Solid coffee and pretty easy to use and clean.
It ’ s super creamy and the smell is delightful. My skin feels soft and my pores are much smaller. It doesn't dry out my skin. I love this cleanser. A little goes a long way. My skin glowed. Definitely helped clear up some Acne, but I used it as the second step of the Double-Cleanse routine. This is by far the best cleanser I have ever used (and I have tried everything). This is my Hg face wash! This stuff is amazing! I use this product combined with mad Hippie vitamin C serum, and E-Raorganics Moisturizer and I haven't had one blemish since using all 3. This is yet another great product from Skinfood. I loved the texture and the smell.
Love it. Great picture. I have it hooked up to an Xbox one X, resolution at 4K Uhd. Back to the TV. This is a great TV. This is an excellent TV. Great picture quality. The picture quality of this TV is fantastic! I am awaiting support from Samsung. I love this TV. Excellent picture quality and super easy to set up and use. Not quite Oled but very good picture if input is high def. I really like this TV.
I put it together on my own and it looks great in my kitchen. I love this bakers rack. I have very limited kitchen space and this cart provided both the added storage and counter space that I was looking for. I have a very small kitchen with no counter space to speak of. Easy to assemble. -1 Star for being broken -1 for not as described and - 1 for value. Fits perfectly in the space it needed it to. Love this rack!! I need storage space and another counter to work with. Overall I like this bakers rack. The wood cutting board is very nice. It's the perfect size for my smallish kitchen and provides great storage, and it's easy to move around on the sturdy wheels. This cart is invaluable.
Buy it, you won't regret it. I love this bike. Easy to assemble. A great bike. Great workout!! I prefer this over the assault bike pro. I would recommend this bike 100%. This assault bike is amazing! The only downside to this bike is the seat is not comfortable making it tough for longer workouts. It kicks my butt! Such a workout machine. Compared to all the other the plastic covered air bikes, this air bike is the best I found after researching for the past two months. This way, I still was able to get a good workout in.
Initially, this is exactly what I wanted. This lap desk is wonderful! I love this lap desk. This is the perfect thing for folding my Macbook and phone while I'm working from home. I use it with everything, my Ipad, food, reading, writing. I have a 17-Inch laptop and this is just barely large enough to set it on. It has a smooth, easily Cleanable surface on top, with spots to hold pens, Styluses, or other bits and Bobs. This is the perfect lap desk! I've had this lap desk for 5 months now. It's lightweight and well designed. I like to use a mouse, so the laptop has to hang over a little bit. Great lap desk. It ’ s light weight.
This is awesome! The straps are much thinner and the lifting strap shorter than the brand name shoulder Dolly, but this works well as a substitute. Makes moving so much easier. Only came with one harness. It was like I was in my 20 ’ s again. These straps saved us! I used this to assist in a recent move and have to say that they worked out better than expected. My Fiancé & I moved our entire 3 bedroom House ourselves using these straps. My sister and I had carry a Dresser up two flights of stairs when moving into our apartment. The hardest part was getting the heavier items up and down stairs but that would have been completely impossible without them. These straps have made numerous moving days an absolute breeze. Get these if you are moving and thank me later. Made moving stuff a lot easier.
Totally worth the money. I purchased this lens primarily for use as a macro lens. Love this lens!!! Great lens! I ’ ve used this lens for closeup product shots and portraits at a distance. I am novice photographer and use this lens with my canon T3I. Mind you, there is not is with this lens. Macro is one of my favorite photography genres and it is the main one I use when out in the field. I was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try. Works great for macro photography. The pictures are crisp and sharp. Excellent lens!!! I have only taken it out once but the lens produced fantastic macro shots and the build quality is great.
This was a nightmare to set up, kept forgetting my settings. I'm using this Router in bridge mode. This is an excellent Router. I have updated to the latest Firmware with no better results. Please be very aware, this is not a Broadband Router, it is just a Router. Great Router. This Router keeps crashing every couple of hours. To many Firmware issues, poor Wifi signal using optimal channels and the Esata/Usb light would come on even though nothing was plugged into it. It is, however, a bit of a beast on the side unit. This item has transformed the Wifi in my house. Great Gui and managing your connected devices is a breeze from the informative and easy to understand Graphics. Total rubbish. Bought this to replace a Sagecom Router supplied by Plusnet.
Worked great. Double sided printing is good and fast. Color copy and print quality is very good. This is my first Epson printer. Great printer. I do not print pictures. Setup was fast and easy and it has been Wirelessly Printing and scanning without any issue. I love this printer! Update: I was able to get Epson to agree to send me a new printer, which I should have in about a week. We like this printer a lot. The quality of the prints are exceptional and the copying is perfect. In short, we like this print and expect it to last for a few years. It is definitely a must have for College/Home-Office work.
I ordered size 10 men and they fit more like a size 11. I love these shoes! Great shoes. After having two partial knee replacements my running days are over but I needed a good walking shoe. Very comfortable! I ordered size 10 men and they fit more like a size 11. Stylish and comfortable. Trying to figure out how to get correct shoe to me and what I need to do with the wrong shoe. Very nice and comfortable shoe. They fit like a glove. Well built, I like the shoe. Looks good and was comfortable on my first run. I suggest knowing your size in this brand as certain sneaker brands can run differently.
This is a superior product. I highly recommend this canopy. Easy to set up, and take down. I never go to the beach without it. This tent is great! The carrying case was damaged as well. Easy to put up and take down. They should point to the outside of the canopy for better securing with stakes. The canopy works well and is easy to set up. We use it in our dog yard and leave it up year round to provide shade from the sun and protection from the rain. It was not too heavy and could be carried by one person to and from the beach. I love the E-Z up. I was able to set it up myself.
Wanted to try this one instead but it ’ s very small - probably half the size. This toothpaste is amazing for sensitive teeth. I really like this toothpaste. As far as the whitening capabilities of this toothpaste, I don ’ t see any. I love this toothpaste! I ’ ve been using this toothpaste for about two weeks and I ’ M getting compliments on my “ sparkling white teeth ”. Other toothpaste could also have the same effect. I now have dark yellow stains on my teeth that were not there before switching to this toothpaste. I am at the age where sometime the enamel from our teeth gets thin in certain areas. This seemed like a good purchase and does seem to help build up your enamel while reducing tooth sensitivity. This toothpaste was recommended to me from my dentist. This tastes exactly like other Pronamel series, personally I do not find a different taste in all formulas. Perfect for travel.
I used mine as a range Extender. I am using it as a range Extender. I am using it as a Wifi Extender. I use it as a Router and it works great. Excellent Router. Easy setup. Easy to set up. Terrific Router and the Tech support is top notch. Love this Router! I replaced my Almond with the Almond 2015, and am very pleased. Took less then 3 minutes to set up. I have to say first that I am not really Tech savvy. This is my second Almond.
They are true to size, are quality made and durable. I also wear three other pair of Danner boots for work. This is my second pair. The best boots I have ever owned. Great boots! Love my Danner's! These boots absolutely amazed me most comfortable boots I've ever owned. I have had these about 9 months now, and they are showing no signs of wear, even though I wear them everyday. I love these boots. I would highly recommend these boots! Keep my feet dry and comfortable all day. His first pair lasted 5 years. My husband loves these boots.
Came as pictured. This bean bag is awesome! Big and Comfy. This bean bag chair is awesome! It is perfect for my 12 year old. This bean bag is huge!!!! I got this for my 5 year old niece for Christmas and she loves it! My 3 year old grand-daughter loves it. Light weight compared to the shredded memory foam bags, which I don ’ t recommend. Great for a kid or teen. I Unboxed them and the Navy one was filled as expected. Docked a Star. After shopping around and the mixed reviews .... we have the perfect bean bag!!!
Great product! I decided to try the cleaner and scrubbing pads. Looks brand new! I ’ ve used Weimar to clean my glass Cooktop for years. My glass top stove looks as I never Cook. My stove top is shining like new. You need to clean the dirty spots Asap, but this product takes of all the dirt. Doesn't leave residue and cleans with little effort! This products works great to keep it polished and fresh. I have been using this product for years. Works amazing on my glass top stove. This is a good product to have to clean your stove. I ordered the Weiman cleaner instead.
Highly recommend. Great canopy. 20 minutes later, the water started pooling in the canvas. A breeze came and knocked it over and broke the metal holding it. If you are going to be somewhere windy you should probably pick another tent. This tent seems to be well-made. If you intend to use this canopy to stay out of the rain, you're going to have a bad time. This is sturdy and well made for the Pirce it was and I set it up all by myself! Great tent. Ez pop up. Planned to use it for birthday parties or just in the yard on a sunny day as well as camping trips. Used it one time and the pole broke immediately upon first use with a little wind. We got the Navy blue and the color is awesome.
My husband tested the batteries and they are good. Replaced an old Lux 500 (Tx500Pb) with this one, a Tx500U, and it works great. But then it's a thermostat and how often do we touch it. I put several sets of new batteries in (Energizers and other brands) and the thermostat says all the batteries are low. Granted I have a unique hybrid Hydronic heating system. Unfortunately, it also got the dreaded low battery issue. Much better than other controllers that use AAA batteries which lasted for only a few months. These are fantastic thermostats! Love the Digital Readout. I installed within 15 minutes. Programming was very easy. I purchased this to replace a Txe 500 that lasted 12 years. Easy to install!
Great product. Just like I used at physical therapy. I purchased this product to increase grip strength, individual finger strength and to strengthen my wrists. I have been using this hand Exerciser for over 6 months now. This product is a great hand Exerciser. Helps with my grip. I purchased this to increase my finger strength. Overall, this will give a person a good workout. I use them while watching TV. Whichever level of tension you choose I'm sure you will be satisfied with the Gripmaster. My physical therapist uses this to help me strength after a badly broken wrist and also impacted my fingers. Great for dexterity and coordination and helping with any finger weaknesses. So I got these to strengthen my fingers.
I use 'Light' color, I have no Tan on my skin. I have really dark circles under my eyes from allergies. This is my new “ go to ” Concealer. This is the best Concealer I have ever used. I love this Concealer! Very easy to apply. This Concealer is not easy to spread on my skin does not feel Moisturizing. It truly covers the dark circles under my eyes. I use it for under eye dark circles and also as a eyelid Primer. I have very fair skin and dark circles under my eyes. I ’ ve used this Concealer for a few years and it definitely works well. I really like this Concealer. It blends in nicely with my Matte powder.
The battery life is also very good. No active noise cancellation needed. Best Headphones I have ever owned. Great sound, Comfy and the battery lasts for ages. It elevates the highs and lows while still preserving the Mids. I have noise cancelling wired Bose for Aeroplane travel, these B & O are not NC Headphones, so know what you are buying! Great sound. Sound is amazing. Needed a good middle of the road set of Wireless Headphones for gym and whatever else. Excellent sound quality, very good at Damping down external sound. He is very happy with them and said they have good sound quality but not the greatest in noise cancellation. The Bass strong without booming, the Mids clear, and the treble sharp. These are an excellent set of Headphones.
Love it. This is a great tablet. I love this tablet. Battery life is very good. Long battery life. Great battery life. This is the best tablet I have ever had. Excellent tablet. I now use this tablet for many Day-To Day-Activities when I don't want to Carry/Boot-Up my laptop and the Smartphone is too small. This is not another commodity tablet that looks like all the others. This little tablet has been just awesome. So overall great little tablet and great price! Terrific battery life.
The funnel is fabulous eliminating the mess of filling the bags. I bought these to make freeze Pops for my son. I made adult freeze Pops in these. Super easy to fill with the included funnel. These are great for making your own Popsicles! They did not leak at all. I use them to make wine 🍷🥃 cooler Popsicle for the start. They were a big hit! Perfect for making your own freezer Pops. We decided to make some "adult" Popsicles for the party. Easy to use. Freeze and enjoy! Kids love them.
Straight out the box there is a major short between the light and the battery. The light is very bright. The battery lasts a long time. This is a great light. I like that the battery pack uses a Usb and can be used to charge a mobile phone if needed. The battery and the light are very well made! This is an excellent light for the price. This is an amazing light. I use it on my bike. I think it's brighter than some Motorcycle lights I have had. Easy to Mount and use. When connected to the Battery, the light body gets warm, but the led does not work. Battery life is great.
These worked perfectly. I have a King sized bed. They are solid wood and stack well. We used the lifters to raise our sofa up, allowing us to get up from the sofa more easily. We bought these so we could store another Mattress under the bed. I bought two sets and stacked them. Perfect height. And they match my hardwood floors. Very sturdy. I used these to raise the head of my bed by 6". These wooden bed lifters are great and they work very well. Our bed frame was very low to the floor, I bought these to raise the bed and save my back. I put my bed up on these by myself.
It's lightweight, fast and efficient. I love this Chromebook. Wish it had an SD card slot. Long battery life. Battery life is excellent too. The battery life is great. I know that it's not the most powerful Chromebook ever but it can do everything that I need and does it Realy well. The keyboard is comfortable to use, the track pad is responsive. I'm using it solely for web browsing. I have multiple Macs in my home and got this as a laptop for web Surfing. I use it for watching movies on Netflix and Amazon prime. For a 4 Gb it runs smooth and I love it. We use this for Surfing the web, Google classroom applications, and other Online Apps.
Love this product! This makes my hair so soft. I love the smell. I love this hair mask. This is Hands-Down the best deep conditioner I've ever used. This stuff is amazing!!! My hair had not been that soft in months. The product works great and smells good, but, this is how I received my first order. It's also well worth the price tag because a little goes a long way with this stuff. I would buy the bigger one if you can because that mini is really for travel and single use only. It's either counterfeit or old. Lesson learned. I got a small size of this in my allure beauty box & used it all up.
All antennas that come with this unit are useless. Hooked up a external antenna, and picked up over 60 channels. Great little TV. If the battery lasts 2 hours I will upgrade to 5 stars. Nice little TV! I charge and charge but it will not work. The solar array can power both the TV and the antenna without a problem. I would highly recommend this little TV. Good TV. The picture is clear and the sound is good. Unlike most purchasers, I wanted to use this TV strictly for the SD card slot. I am very happy with my Axess TV. Even though I am in a city of 300,000 the Dtv/Atv signals are 26-50 miles away.
This is not! Easy to assemble. I love this desk!!! It's solid wood and very easy to put together. It was just the Rustic/Modern look I was going for. Easy to put together. Very sturdy and look more expensive than they are. Great shelves. Solid and easy to put together. The shelves are cardboard with a veneer. Sturdy and attractive. As I live in a loft I needed something that would have storage, fit with the style, fit and of course be functional! We love this piece.
Assembly was not very complicated from what I understood. A beautiful piece of furniture for the money. Assembly was not very complicated from what I understood. I love this buffet. Beautiful piece! It is a great piece. Took about an hour to get her together. Impressed with shipping packaging! It looks nice in our formal dining room. But it is absolutely beautiful once put together. My Boyfriend and I had been looking around for a bar table for our Condo for quite a while. Instructions were a little difficult to follow at times, as pieces weren't labeled quite as well as they could have been. As you can see in the second picture the bottles will be projected outside the cabinet a lot which I dont like.
But the motion detection is annoying. The motion detection is good. We bought the Arlo camera to keep an eye on our driveway. The camera works great. The night vision is awesome. I love this camera. This is a very good camera. Very easy to setup. Picture quality is great. I love the Arlo Q. I am very pleased with the Arlo camera. This camera is not great. Easy to set up.
Used it to turn on our Christmas tree automatically at sunset, and turn off at a specified time. Love these smart plugs. Works with Alexa. The problem is the same: they connect to Wifi, and then within a day they lose the Wifi connection and require a Reboot. I have two of the Tp link smart Minis. It was easy to connect to the Wifi and App. I used it for my Christmas tree. Luckily I was able to connect to my Google home and operate it through there. Easy to set up. Does not connect to Alexa. I have to unplug and Replug it in to get it to reset and find my Wifi again. From our bedroom we can turn lights on and off throughout the house. I got it as a bundle with an echo DOT.
Great product! Here is to a Swole back! Perfect for a home gym. Good range of motion and it's smooth. Cheap Chinese why so expensive? I've only used it for an Olympic bar but the standard bar hole is the same. Easily attached to my power rack. Fits my Olympic bar perfectly. Great addition to any home gym! Solid construction. From the web site: "easy to install: can be attached to a 2" or 2.5" Rack/Bench, mount to floor or wall. If you are a serious weight Lifter you must have this. It can be bolted to the floor or attached to a weight stack, squat rack, or other metal beam.
Can't beat it for the price. This monitor is great! I love this monitor. I used a Dp to a TB adapter and the resolution was horrible. I tried different Hdmi cables, and two different display port / Thunderbold cables. These are very Versatile monitors. Although it is 60Hz refresh rate, there are certain background colors where movement leaves a very noticeable trail. Best monitor I bought for the price. Quality issue - after 4 days of use a vertical red line appeared on the monitor. This monitor has a great resolution and size. No dead Pixels. But if you wear Headphones as much as I do, you won't even notice it. The picture is sharp though, so if you are looking for a cheap 4K screen and you can live with quality issues, than proceed.
Love this computer, 100% worth the money. Great PC. Only downside is no additional hard drive ports internally. It is also super quiet. Easy to set up and my games are running smoothly. I can play any game at ultra without any lag. Overall it is a great PC for the price! I love this PC. Runs great! It is a beast. Would definitely recommend this PC to anyone. Amazing computer. The one thing I guess I didn ’ t see when I bought it was that it does not have a CD drive on it.
This is my first Sony TV, and I have previously bought Vizio leds. This is my first Sony TV, and I have previously bought Vizio leds. Great TV. I love this TV. The picture quality is amazing! Best TV I have ever owned!! Amazing picture! Great picture! Also purchased the TV along with the Ht-X9000F sound bar and Woofer. This is our second Sony of the same model. I do watch movies and TV every now and then, and again, it's really good. I will not be buying another Sony TV. Excellent picture.
Plenty of space for two people, easy. Great lunch box. This is a great "lunch" bag. I love this lunch bag. Keeps my lunch cold all day with an ice pack. It's perfect for a lunch bag. This is a really nice lunch box for my husband to take on the job. Lots of space. The shoulder strap is nice too. This is the best lunch box I ’ ve ever owned. I don ’ t have to be confined to just a small lunch box not having my container not fit. I like that it has 2 separate compartments. Plenty of room.
I've used it out to 932 yards. I was able to range free handed up to 300-400 yards, closer was easier. I used it at the public shooting range to measure the distance from the bench to the targets. Great Rangefinder for the money. Having a Rangefinder has made me realize that 900, 1000+ yards would be a very long shot. Glare is minimal and the display is easy to read. Great range finder! Absolutely love this Rangefinder. Furthest I have ranged with it is about 1100 yards. I'm very happy with this Rangefinder. Extremely accurate and easy to use. This vortex was able to pick up metal targets to about 800 yards. I would recommend this Rangefinder to any Hunter.
Easy for him to put on and take off. Oh, and the Wavemaster punching bags are great too! 5 year old loves them. Grandson and thought these Boxing gloves would be a great addition. Perfect size and weight for my six year old son. Got these Boxing gloves for my 5 year old so we could keep busy during all this Covid-19 nonsense. Oversized for smaller toddler but they make them work. Purchased for my 5 year old son. My 6 year old started to train with my older son. Great quality for the price. I would not recommend these gloves for any kid over ten. This is the best kids gloves out there. Nice, snug fit on my 9 year old.
I've used these for years. This is just an amazing utility knife. I have been using this knife ever since. This is the best utility knife you can buy. Also this knife is great for cutting corners as you can extend the blade quite far to let it flex. Blades are sharp and easy to replace. Great sharp knife. My old one had a mechanism that locked the blade automatically in place when the correct blade extension was selected. This is the best razor knife I have owned. This utility knife is very good quality. The adjustment knob is very smooth and allows you to slide the blade out in small increments to get the exact depth that you want. The Ratchet wheel is great and easy to operate with the thumb of your holding hand. Very good blade.
Buy this dash Cam! Love this dash Cam. The night vision is very impressive. Great camera. I actually use the rear camera as rear view mirror camera. I love this camera. I highly recommend this dash Cam! This camera is the best I have ever purchased. Will update night vision and rear camera later. The cameras give a very clear view both front and rear. The Video is very nice and the rear camera is really really helpful. Touch screen is good. Easy to install.
I love this palette. I love this palette. I love the colors. This palette is awesome! I, for one, like to go for a natural look. The pigment is very poor for most of the eye shadows. Great colors. I love this Eyeshadow. Really nice eye shadow. Not very pigmented though. Very easy to apply and stays on well. Love the shades to this set. The colors are not pigmented.
Great product. Never had a Scroll saw. I am not impressed at all by this Wen Scrolls saw. If you are a seasoned veteran with Scroll saws, enjoy! Very easy to use and despite what others have said, the blade changes and interior cuts weren't a ridiculous inconvenience. The Wen Scroll saw. So far I enjoy this Scroll saw, it is my first, and first power tool in general. It is quite easy to Mount saw blades. I have zero experience with Scroll saws but after some Youtube videos and a couple practice scraps I had it down. The blade makes all the difference, a thinner blade is better for small cuts but is harder to control on straight stretches. I have zero complaints, this Scroll saw is going to get a lot of use here! Waited until I used it for a while and I have to say I am very impressed! Over the last 6 months have been cutting everything from thin stock to 1.5 thick Mesquite blocks (which is a very hard wood!).
I decided to try this mask and it work flawlessly. The best mask ever!!! I love this mask, I can't recommend it enough. Doesn't move around when running, and doesn't fog up! Great mask. Never had a problem with it Fogging up either. The mask is great and looking awesome, it will make you like a bad ass. The Goggle is very easy to wear and feels Confortable, it's also light so it won't be in the way. Doesn't fog. Playing in central Florida with alot of humidity there is no Fogging issues at all. But be careful around the ear and chaw line. This thing is comfortable and crystal clear. Ok yes they are 129 dollars, they are worth it!
Other reviews mentioned Zipper problems, but I had none. No way is the 22In a carry on for a trip to Europe. Very nice bag. I loved the shape and size and versatility of this bag so much that bought on for my son and for me. This bag holds alot of stuff. Maybe if the bag were filled with clothing in all sections, it might be more successful. They made me work through Amazon and they gave a partial refund. We also worried it would break at some point since the metal in the handle was thin. Perfect for travel and band Gigs. Side Zipper broke after second use. Lots of room. Used this for a trip to Juarez, Mexico. Excellent service and persons!
It's okay. I use my pull up bar for pull UPS and gymnastic rings. Rocks tremendously if you try to do pull UPS, I'm 170 lbs. I love using it for Squats and bench presses. Easy to assemble. Good rack for the price. Use a socket wrench and an Allen wrench to assemble. Great rack! Really sturdy and great for Pull-Ups, Squats, etc . . Solid rack! The box came in one piece and I had no missing pieces. If you actually plan to do Pull-Ups this isn ’ t the set for you. If you are Squatting/Lifting over 300 lbs, this rack is not for you.
I use it on my Heals and it keeps them soft and manageable. ... my feet are soft. I have extremely dry skin, especially on my heels. This is my third order of this foot cream. This is the best foot cream I have ever used. Recommended by my Dermatologist. This is great foot cream. This lotion is fabulous!! This product made my feet look normal. Works quick and not greasy. I have awful Heals and this stuff works! Despite being fragrance free it smells like Sour milk, but not too strong. My feet are smooth after using for 6 days.
The smell is a. I use it as a massage oil. My skin feels softer. The smell is pleasant. Love this oil! Love the smell. I have no stretch marks at all so far. The smell is not over Powering. - it's not greasy and leaves my skin so soft, and I totally love the smell. By far this is the best oil. Smells nice. Smells great. A little goes a long way.
Love this Mattress! It is very firm. I love this Mattress! Very firm for a memory foam Mattress. It is the most comfortable Mattress I have ever laid in! We bought a King size for our Rv. I love this bed! Great Mattress! I enjoy sleeping on this Mattress. This is the best Mattress I have ever had. I would definitely recommend this Mattress. Firm, but not too firm. Very comfortable.
It is very quiet. This is my first gaming PC and I love it. Great computer. Great gaming computer!! I love this computer. I really like the fact that I can finally play PC games on a functional and cool looking PC. It is very quiet. It arrived with a blank hard drive and no one answers the phone. Overall this is a good Midrange gaming PC. Haven't had to call Tech support yet. Overall, I highly recommend this computer. No lag and it runs smooth! But at least it doesn ’ t crash when I play Overwatch when I try to do anything on this computer.
I like the variety of colors. Not compression socks. The socks are comfortable and can be worn all day. The compression seems good, not too tight that they are hard to put on like some compression socks I have worn. The compression is great. These socks are Perfect- I needed Knee-High compression socks. They come up to my knees. These socks are great! I love these socks. I like these socks. Not with these socks. I ’ M 5 ’ 10 and they come up just below the knee. The material is comfortable and my feet don ’ t get sweaty in them.
It ’ s worth the cost and a great addition to my smart home. It's a perfectly diffused light. I love this light! It is slightly pricey and the battery life is short at 3 hours at a lower brightness. The battery really doesn't last very long. I love these lights. 🙄🙄🙄 but I can honestly say it's not worth the price when you consider the battery is Meh. I didn't want to pull the trigger on getting a $200 set up just for background lighting. When I first got this Philips had a few updates to the Hub as well as the software. It ’ s super cool, but I don ’ t think it ’ s practical to take Portably. Awesome light! The fact that I can control this via my echo devices is a major plus. The battery last about 2Hours depending on the color selected.
Great product for the money. Great chair. Great chair for the price. I love this Bed/Chair. The chair is very sturdy, easy to put together and clients have said that it's very comfortable! Use for Facials and lashes. Used as a Tattoo chair without the arms. I would purchase it for Facials and waxing. Its comfortable and easy to assemble although you might need a helping hand. I use it for lash extensions and my clients always Rave over how comfortable it is! It wasn't that hard to put together, it took me about an hour or so. Sturdy bed. Also, I recommend that the instructions for assembly be updated.
It works great with Xfinity. Superb Modem Router combo! The Wifi signal is very strong also, you wont need to have Extenders or boosters to get your signal to all parts of the house. This is one of the best Router/Modems out there. Confirmed with Netgear Tech support. This Modem/Router does not work on spectrum, despite what Netgear claims. So far, this Modem/Router has been awesome. I will never buy another Netgear product again. Thank you Netgear!! I bought the Cax80 to future proof my house. Also the price is a bit high. Easy to install. Easy setup.
It is exactly what I was looking for. I was recommended to try this by my physical therapist. The Pilates ring is a great fitness tool, for any age! Love this Pilates ring! I really like this Pilates ring. It ’ s even better than the one I use in PT. I have enjoyed using the Pilates ring. This is a great workout tool. I am using it for home therapy. I can feel this Pilates ring working out the muscles in my legs and hips. Love this ring. I got Thie Probody Pilates ring because of other reviewer comments and I love it. There are tons of videos on Youtube to follow along with.
