I have a long thick hair and it was very easy to secure my hair up inside the shower cap. There is plenty of space within the hat to fit all my long thick hair without feeling like my hair is forcing the shower cap to come off my head like others ones have in the past for me. I tie my hair up and wrap it before putting the Shower cap on and my hair doesn’t Touch a drop of water. Cute style and keeps long hair from getting wet in the shower! It doesn’t keep my hair completely dry; I have a cheaper shower cap that works just as good so don’t know that I’d recommend this one first for almost $30. I use it for hair treatments or when toning my hair, and the hair product washes right off the inside of the cap. This cute cap kept my hair dry without pinching my ears. This was pretty expensive for a shower cap and I worry all my hair might not fit up in there but I will give it an honest try cuz it's really cute.
The lamps are ok, they look nice in the living room and are very easy to assemble. The lamps do not really light up the room that much, however if you wanted just minimal light than they would work great. These floor lamps stand about 4 feet tall, which is too short imo to be considered a floor lamp...and too tall to be a desk lamp. I bought two of these lamps and put them together with ease however, both lamps are missing the piece that attaches the cord to the lamp stem. I really like the look these lamps give a room.... Not recommended, the lamps are easy to install but not great in terms of firmness and the outer layer of the lamp is too poor of a quality. These lamps are perfect for my room. These lamps are really nice and easy to put together.
If I had to choose one camera for travel photography, this camera with the 18-135mm lens would be that camera. I just love this camera. Love this camera. I love this camera. Love this camera. Great camera and lens. Very have with the camera and lens! It is an amazing camera.
a most amazing apple peeler - really shaves even strange apples... and the apple slicer that comes with it works pretty well. Even though this little apple peeler looks so simple, it does a great job peeling apples. This apple peeler makes it a breeze to peel apples. I recommend this little apple peeler to anyone that has kids that are concerned about the chemicals put on the skin of apples again great product. I have a HUGE old apple tree the produces an extreme amount of apple - this peeler lets me peel small, large, and not perfect apples. This apple peeler survived peeling enough apples to make 7 pints of apple butter. The apple peeler peels apples but doesn't get all the way to the bottom or top. I had to peel and slice 16 apples and the Pro Apple Peeler is TRULY a "pro!"
We just received the Rukket Rebounder I ordered for my 11 year old son to practice lacrosse. Unfortunately, this was advertised as a lacrosse rebounder/bounce back and the netting is not rigid enough to bounce back the balls. My son loves this Lacrosse net. Very well made - easy to put together, works great - all for a great price - Thanks! My daughter plays lacrosse and we wanted a net she could use to practice. Well built, easy to put together, great quality. I got it for my 5 year old son so he could practice lacrosse and baseball throwing and catching and he loves it. Great quality and easy set up.
Awesome boots, well made, great wear and comfort, keep your feet warm I loved the boot's quality, but it was too small and the next size up was not available at the same price, so I've gone elsewhere. They are great boots for but my feet get cold when the temp gets in the 20 over all its a great boot for any thing below the 20 I suggest you get a pair kamik rubber boots I put 5 miles on them today in the snow - most comfortable winter boots I've ever had! They are great boots but my left boot was much tighter than the right.... The Size Issue: 2 of us in the shop wear Keen boots. Wore these boots 17-20 degree weather and they kept the top of my feet warm. Normally wear a 10 in all my boots, but they were to small, reordered a 10 1/2 and they fit fine
Love love love this grill ,, very portable , folds up nicely and easy storing in my RV .. great for camping We grill while camping and also wanted a portable one to use and this was a perfect fit for us. This grill is easy to use, easy to setup, and easy to clean! My husband already has a grill for home that he loves but we needed something portable for camping and beach going. I love this little grill, it gets hot super fast and uses little propane. I loved this little grill, however, after using for only 5 months, the propane will no longer flow into the grill - I did not get anywhere talking with Coleman, and it is now USELESS I would like to get some help from Coleman or get a replacement, it should not have failed This grill was much more than I expected, its pretty big so you can cook for your friends when going camping, it heats up fast and once you find your hot spots youre a cooking master. Great little grill perfect for the beach, camping or home use!
it is a big watch but its great, i get compliments on it all the time. :) If you're looking for a Nixon 51-30 or a rose gold watch in general... YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS WATCH! This is a very nice looking watch but it is way too big and heavy. I was afraid of the watch being fake but did alot of research with the watch and is definitely a Nixon watch. Very nice product and very heavy watch I absolutely love it! Great looking watch for the price, I love the way it looked and how heavy it's. I love this watch more and more every day, if you have the money, buy it! Big, beautiful watch.
I really liked this Toshiba microwave until it quit working 4 months after purchasing it. This microwave worked great at first but after just three months of having it, it has stopped heating the food. This microwave quit working 4 months after purchase and the to return is closed. Microwave worked great for the first three months, then just stopped working. This microwave oven stopped working one year and two days from purchase. Got the 2nd microwave which was a replacement it lasted one year and then had an E5 code and did not heat anything any longer. Last Microwave lasted 12 years and this one died in 6 months Definitely will never purchase another Toshiba microwave in my life.
I love that this product has sunscreen in the primer but it made my face so oily. This product is pricey for a sunscreen but as sun protection & a pore minimizing primer, it’s worth the money. This is the best face primer and the best sunscreen I have ever used. The sunscreen protects me from the sun, The primer smooths out my skin tone, and covers up my winkles. It leaves my skin feeling smooth and although it is a primer, I feel OK, leaving the house without foundation and also feel good about the SPF protection. I use it as sunscreen, primer and concealer for my face. She uses it both as a foundation (since it is a primer) and loves that it is also a sunscreen. This is great daily sunscreen, especially for people with oily skin.
Awesome shower head for price u need good water pressure for the lights to work right though I love my new LED light up shower head.it was easy to install & works perfect with no leaks.Great buy for your money & if u take a shower in the dark it’s the best to watch how the colors change. great water pressure awesome lights best shower i ever had Easy to install but after only being used for a little over a week, the lights in the hand held shower head no longer work. Everything works as expected and the lights are great, however not surprisingly the water pressure is slightly worse than my previous shower head. The stationary shower head no longer lights up any colors. Love the shower head, no issues with water pressure either. Shower head works great but the lights do not last long.
Other than that it is a good tv with great picture for the price. This TV set up so easily and has everything we wanted: great picture, fits on our console, has good sound, and the best price for a great Smart TV. Great TV for picture quality, price and free tv channel but too many issues. Best picture I have ever had in a TV. The picture on this tv is amazing! The picture quality is amazing, but then again my last tv was 10 years old. What a great picture as compared to my old TV. Bought this TV to replace an older VIZIO 3D TV.
I havent tried these out on carpet yet, but for wood floors, these are great sliders. I am disappointed because it is obvious that the sliders do not work on all carpet. It’s AWESOME that I can use these both on carpet and hard floors so it makes them perfect for traveling or to take to the gym/home. Love the color, but more importantly they work great on carpet! They slide with ease on carpet with the plastic side down. Very difficult to slide on carpet or hard floors. I have hardwood floors and the soft side of the sliders work very well! Cute color, slides very easily on turf & carpet.
I will say if you are looking for a mascara to really make your eyes stand out or extend your lashes etc. Pro: Doesn't irritate my sensitive eyes, lengths and adds volume to lashes, comes off easily, and provides natural looking lashes Con: Lashes clump together (even after using an additional lash separating tool), some fall out from dried mascara after a few hours, and doesn't come in waterproof formula. It doesn't irritate my eyes, nor does it smudge or flake (I only wear mascara on my top lashes, as I'm a mature lady and this looks best on me). Neutrogena mascara is great for sensitive eyes and stays put all day without flaking. I have very sensitive eyes and have a hard time finding a mascara that does not bother my eyes. I have developed sensitive eyes and was looking for a good mascara that wouldn't irritate my eyes and wouldn't cost a fortune. This particular brand of mascara does not irritate my eyes and I believe it has helped my eyelashes grow thicker. I love Neutrogena Products, but the brush on this mascara does not aid in the lengthening of your lashes.
I really wish this suitcase had a built in bag strap for my laptop bag. Great bag, perfect size (a little smaller than my old Travelpro because of the wheels - but perfectly adequate and fits in car trunk with other luggage. The wheels are the best part of the bag. Very disappointed with the quality of this bag. While the bag is study and has so far handled wear and tear well, the wheels are designed in such a way that the bag is constantly slipping and falling over or rolls off on its own. Love many things about this suitcase but disappointed that the front zipper broke on only the second trip. After many years of travel we decided to spend more money to purchase a top of the line bag so we ended up with this TravelPro bag. Only complaint but a big one is this suitcase has a tendency to topple over, I make a point to put heavy stuff near the wheels but I have almost been taken out by this bag while running through the airport on multiple occasions.
The boots were very comfortable out of the box but the right boot is wearing the skin off the top arch on my foot. The next day I put inserts in the boots from my old work boot and it made a huge difference super comfortable have no issues with the boots. It’s been two weeks and my boots are still not broken in and I wear them five days a week 12 hour shift’s boots are terrible one boot just will not fit correctly Keen Milwaukee boots are the most comfortable and amazing work boot I’ve ever owned! I’ve worn boots like this for 30 years and these boots are very heavy, they dug into my shins at the top and the boot Lace hook at top of the boot came off 3 days after receiving them. So I have been wearing these boots for almost 10 months now and just noticed that my sole on the left boot is coming apart not to happy about this I paid a lot of money for the boots. This is my 2nd pair of Keen steel toe work boots. Im not sure if I'd buy another pair of these the next time I need work boots.
great camera its what I would expect from Pentax if your looking for a rugged camera This camera replaced my stolen Pentax K10D and this camera works a lot like my old one but I still need to get use to the newer features. A lot of camera for the price. Overall a great camera at a good price. Great camera at a good price. Great camera for the price. Great camera for the price. great camera, very good pictures, does a lot of things.
It didn't cut my hands when I wore the gloves and tried cutting it too. These gloves fit like a glove is supposed to fit, not too big, not too small... these gloves are great and work well, have saved my fingers from being cut a lot This is a pair of gloves, but you really only need one on the hand that isn't holding the knife, so it's like getting one glove and a back-up since they fit on either hand. I like gloves to be snug and the medium was 'fit like a glove' perfect. I use these gloves when I use my Mandolin to keep from cutting my fingers Many brands of work gloves in size large fit my hands well. These gloves are perfect for protecting my hands and fingers when using my (extremely sharp!)
Quality is great, it is extremely soft, zipper closure of duvet is amazing. I love this soft duvet cover! We ordered these for our kids and while the fabric is soft and wrinkle free, I am quite disappointed with how the duvet is slipping away from the comforter. So soft and fit our duvet cover perfectly! It is super soft and really nice fabric for the price and I loved the idea of a zipper cover instead of button. This duvet cover is super soft and easy to install. It was stuck the first time I used it and after 1 wash, the zipper won’t close so I now need to buy a new duvet cover (won’t buy this brand again). This duvet is so soft and very nice looking.
I have very sensitive skin and this serum feels wonderful on my skin. This serum really had helped my face skin, my expression lines see much better than before and my skin feels soft. I have been using this serum for about 3 weeks, I love how it makes my skin feel. Great hydrating serum that helps clear skin and smooth out skin texture I love the feel of the vitamin C Serum on my skin.. love it!!! The serum feels great on the skin. This serum feels great on my skin. This product is exactly as stated by others - the scent is nice, the serum is just what is needed for the face and makes your skin so smooth.
Spiralizer works great and it is easy to change blades and clean up. I love this spiralizer, it's easy to use, and very easy to clean. My spiralizer is easy to use, easy to clean and now the veggies add interesting and fun shapes to our meals! Easy to use, clean and store...I love this spiralizer! Spiralizer is very easy to use and easy to clean. Love it, easy to use and works well. Love this product it’s a great price and easy to use. I find it easy to assemble, easy to clean, and great with carrots, potatoes, zucchini, cukes and I want to try out a beet salad receipe I have using the spiralizer.
My husband bought this spotlight for his boat, the light is super powerful, we put the light on & we could see this light over two blocks long. This light is SUPER bright for an led light! If you need a bright light with range and long run times this is the light you need to get. The light works great I like the LED light uses very little power on your boat battery. Nice light, very bright and batteries last a long time. this is a very great light battery last a long time and is like a spot light. It is a pretty bright light and it will light up items for a good distance. great bright light
My skin is dry and this oil is exactly what my skin needed. My skin is dry, especially in the winter and this oil changes everything. It's quite a thick oil and looks heavy once applied to the skin but you can see it really working into the skin cells. Wasn't convinced about using oil on my face till I started using this product (especially since I have oily skin). This oil has totally changed my skin. I was very hesitant to use an oil on my already oily skin. Love this face oil. Marula oil is great for those with dry and itchy skin but not for people with oily or combination skin.
Bought the monitor for work travel so I wouldn't have to work off my laptop display all day. I do not carry this monitor with me I just use it at home as a 2nd screen for work. The monitor lasted 6 months before the screen went dark. Decent screen size for a 2nd monitor. Great price and good resolution for using it as a second monitor on the laptop. I have had this monitor for less than 3 months and the screen is completely messed up. I was careful in travel to protect the monitor and kept it with my laptop as a carry on item. slightly dimmer than a regular monitor but it's very useful for having dual screen on a laptop and work on the road.
After years of using Netgear products I bought this Asus router to replace a Netgear router that I had been waiting for over a year for a firmware update. Speed increased by 100MB once I upgraded to this router from another Asus router. Asus is behind on a functional firmware, but this wireless router is solid. This will be the last ASUS router I ever buy. Do not buy this or any router from ASUS. This is not an internet connection issue as my devices are not even able to connect to the router.. 5Ghz seems to work well. The range is great, I can be really far away from the router, like outside of the house and still get a strong signal. This is the first router that I have ever had that keeps a connection to every one of my devices.
I was so happy with this pan - easy to clean, no need to grease it, easy to get brownies out of the pan. This is a very good quality silicone pan and the perfect size for cooking may items. It is difficult to clean because it is not a smooth shiny silicone pan. I LOVE this pan and have replaced all my pans with silicone. First try with a silicone baking pan. The metal sides are a nice touch but it still works best if you put it on a baking pan because it isn't actually sturdy. with the Silicone Brownie Pan the egg dish popped right out. This is my first experience with a silicone baking pan.
Perfect table, sturdy and easy to assemble. Great little table very sturdy and easy to put together. it's a simple table, super easy to assemble, and does what tables do. Good end table, sturdy and very easy to put together. The table was so easy to assemble all you had to do was screw in the 4 legs into the holes on the bottom of the table. This table came quickly and was easy to put the legs on. The legs are not even and the table is super cheap. Solid, sturdy table and extremely easy to assemble.
It is very soft and warm comforter, I am very happy with the purchase. For the price, you couldn’t buy another comforter that is so light weight and warm and looks very nice. This comforter is perfect the material is so soft and keeps you warm . Great comforter for the price -- warm, fluffy, and a nice weight. this comforter is so soft,lightweight but warm. This comforter is soft and keeps warm. Comforter is very warm and soft. This comforter is so warm and soft!
i love this watch it gives accurate burned calories but i hate walking around with the heart monitor stuck to my chest. I was looking for a watch/monitor as I am trying to get back into shape and wanted to know my heart rate as well as calories burned per workout. Even though I have a Fitbit years later, for true heart rate and calories burned during a workout, I will definitely use my Polar FT HR Monitor! I love this watch completely accurate and I can wear the heart monitor whenever. She got a watch that can monitor her heart rate and track calories burned. The heart rate monitor, stop watch and calorie counter use are what I wanted to be able to keep track of, this watch makes that easy to do while working out. All I wanted was something to track my heart rate and calories burned during my workouts, and this watch is perfect. After that the watch has worked perfectly and I love that it counts the calories for me and helps me know if I'm keeping my heart rate up!
These are good gloves for workouts that use hand weights. The gloves are the perfect weight that you quickly build muscle when working out, and won't hurt your hands or wrists after wearing them for a full work out. Nice gloves but if you have small/female hands may not fit very well. I wanted to use weighted gloves for kickboxing workout. These gloves are perfect to add some resistance to Cardio Kickboxing workouts. Great basic weight gloves - my trainer suggested that I use them to add a little extra to my workouts, and so far, so good. These gloves do not stay in place very well - they are too large on my hands. The gloves run Big, If you have small hands I wouldn't purchase these.
I started doing more pilates and find this fitness ring to be helpful in enhancing my workouts allowing me to get deeper into the exercise. Love my pilates ring, easy to use and came with a good exercise manual I found this 12 inch ring a perfect size to do all the Pilates exercises at the gym. My Physical Therapist recommended the Pilates Ring for exercises that will strengthen my SI joint. This pilates ring is perfect for doing Pilates exercises in your own home. I have enjoyed Pilates for many years, and have used ring fitness circle equipment in a studio setting. I like everything about this pilates ring (durability, resistance level, size) but the shape of the "handles" dig into my inner thighs when I use it between my legs so I bought a different ring with curved sleeves instead of what's on this ring. This is a great solid work out Pilates Ring - I like it and especially love the color.
I don't even have the brand it is supposed to work with, my air fryer has two racks and a drip pan but these accessories work perfectly size wise. Accessories are great and helping me to cook almost everything in my air fryer now! I purchased the larger model Cosori Air Fryer and added the accessories which are sized to fit the smaller 3+qt unit. We like the assortment of accessories your new and first air fryer, but there were not instructions on how to specifically use each especially the egg bite maker. I'm not a fan of kabobs, the egg mold is ridiculously small and useless and the silicone mat isn't necessary...not worth almost $32...you really don't need many accessories to use the air fryer I am very pleased with the 3.7 Qt accessories for that same size air fryer, however I was disappointed that you only get the pizza pan and not both the pizza pan and cake pan. I have not used accessories yet because they are smaller than what I ordered but I love the air fryer. The Cosori accessories are a good addition to the fryer.
Waste of money, for the bottle to be that small you would think the quality of the shampoo would be great for your hair if anything it made my hair dry I use to try lot of different hair products eventually, but randomly I choose this hair growth shampoo it really works on my hair. I have a long thin hair and after using this shampoo (in combination with the conditioner), my hair looks amazing! I have thin hair and I haven’t really been one to invest in shampoo conditioner before so I thought I would try taking care of my hair better especially with all the hair dye. I definitely see a difference in the thickness of my hair, as I have VERY thin hair and I definitely notice more body to it after using this shampoo. This product is for hair growth, of course, I can't see that effect in three washes, but my hair are very smooth, shiny and less frizzy, and less hair fall after using this shampoo. My hair always feels completely clean, with no residue or anything left on my hair after I shampoo. I have curly hair so maybe the shampoo just wasn't for my type of hair.
Goes on smooth and feels light on the skin, with just a little color. It feels great on my skin, nice and light. Light coverage and good moisturizer. Light is for fair skin not very pale skin just enough moisture that it is not cakey and can build up coverage if desired. This product is very light and goes on super smooth all over and it's so quick because I just smooth it over with my fingers like a face moisturizer I have very fair skin and have trouble finding shades to match but this coverage is just right with my skin tone, giving me a very healthy glow. I think Jane Iredale products are the best and this tinted moisturizer feels great going on and protects my skin without a heavy make up look or feel. I've been using Jane Iredale Pure Pressed Powder for some time now but wanted something a little lighter for summer so I bought the dream tint moisturizer.
This coffee maker can brew an excellent pot of coffee. I love this coffee maker as it brews a really good cup of coffee. Great coffee machine. This coffee machine has been great for me. Looking for another coffee pot. I'm not a coffee snob, I'd just like a good "hot" cup of coffee. It makes a good cup of coffee. Makes a great cup of coffee.
Bag is very nice and is of great quality. I had been looking all over for a nice laptop bag for my 17". This is a nice looking bag and the quality seems to be good. I love this bag; however, it does not fit a 17.3 laptop. I love the quality of this bag. The bag is a nice quality. Great quality bag overall. A laptop in this bag will not have room for much else.
I am pleased with this Dewalt hole saw kit. I was looking for a hole saw kit and this one from DeWalt is great. I needed a 2” hole saw so bought this handy kit to have a small variety of sizes. I own this set, along with many other DeWalt hole saws and have found them to be excellent tools. Great hole saw kit. Upset that the door hole was 2 1/8 ,however the kit did not have that size! Would be nice to if the case was formed to hold a couple of extra saws that i had to add to the kit. Does all that one would expect and it fits other hole saws that are not DeWalt brand.
If you love coffee, you will love the coffee this machine makes! I am a coffee freak, love coffee, and this machine is by far the best machine I have owned for coffee brewing. We absolutely love this coffee machine, the best coffee ever!!! Love my new coffee machine! I love this coffee machine ! We love the coffee that we make in this machine. This coffee machine makes really good coffee and it makes it fast which is a huge plus. Love the quality of the coffee that comes from this machine.
I love my Alexa Tv and it has a great picture, great buy at a great price the tv is great great picture great sound nice tv Great picture and even the sound is good for a tv. The TV itself is really great as far as sound and picture goes. TV works good, is easy to set up, and has good picture quality. Love this TV, the picture is amazing, same with the sound quality. Great picture and sound and I love the fire TV Pretty good picture and sound but doesn’t work well with cable tv at all.
It's a really good quality, inexpensive beard comb, with a decent case, and is great to carry around in a pocket. A quality made beard comb to carry in your pocket. Real nice beard comb - perfect quality made out of wood. My husband broke another plastic comb with his beard so i upgraded him to wood. My husband loves his comb he uses it for his beard and hair. My husband loves this wooden beard comb. My husband loves this beard comb. This was a gift for my husband, hes been looking for a long time for a well made, decent priced beard comb.
These speakers sound very good for the price. These little speakers sound great and the price was right. These are really good speakers and seem to be carrying the sound real good I have them hooked up to a Pioneer receiver which isn't the best as I'm finding out but the sound through the speakers does sound really good I will probably have to switch and get a better receiver to really push them and make them do what Polk speakers can do Good looking 2-way speakers with great sound quality. The speakers are of good quality and sound great. second pair of these speakers that I purchased, great price, great sound. Great speakers with good sound. Great speakers, good all around sound.
This machine lets me brew a cup of coffee at a time, but also lets me use whatever coffee I have. It’s easy to use and clean and makes a good cup of coffee. It is easy to make a great cup of coffee. Easy to use, Easy to Clean and makes a Great cup of coffee!! Easy to use and makes a great cup of coffee! I'm really happy to have a machine that can make a single cup of coffee from ground coffee easily. Easy to clean and according to my husband, the only coffee drinker in our house, a good cup of coffee. This coffee maker does not brew hot enough to make a great cup of coffee.
I honestly wish I would have bought this cover when we first let our dog on the couch. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has a dog that loves to lay and sleep on a couch 😊 He loves to sleep on the couch so I thought this would be perfect for my dog. My dog, unfortunately, as sometimes happens, peed on the couch that this cover was on. Use it on the bed and couch to help keep fur off, dog loves having her own spot. I have a dog that will not stay off my couch. This will work perfectly for a dog who loves to stretch out in the middle of the couch. Perfect fit for my couch and keep it protected from our dog
It's really a cute piggy bank but it's really difficult to get coins out of it. Love this piggy bank, it is super cute and my daughter loves it. First - This piggy bank is SUPER cute and my 5 year old loves it. Its a very Cute and durable piggy bank.... its Rubber which is very good so that kids can play with this.... Super cute little piggy bank - my daughter loves playing with it and putting money in it. Super cute good sized bank, very durable and perfect for my young granddaughter who kept dropping her ceramic piggy banks. First piggy bank for grandson , love it , very cute and sturdy . This little pig is super cute and we love the classic piggy bank style.
These strips are worth their price and are a good quality nose strip I used to use Biore nose strips, which were ok, but these really get the job done! These strips work great for getting rid of the stubborn blackheads on my nose. These seem to work best out of all nose strips we've used I've used the Biore nose strips for years with no issue. I used these and there is a scab on the side of my nose from a reaction to the strips, Will go back to the Biore brand. My only feedback would be to have the face strips in addition to the nose strips (i.e., Biore has a combo pack, which I could not find w. this brand). I was using the charcoal biore nose pose strips and decided to try this one out considering the value was much better and it would last me a lot longer.
Pan is way to small it says cookie sheet so you expect it to be that size it is not,made Chicken top was nice and crispy bottom was not it states when you use the basket everything is crispy all the way around same with French fries so far not impressed...I Love there Dutch oven and fry pan but not this one.. It is a great pan for baking in the oven, and the crisper tray and the pan underneath clean up very easily. Love this Crisper, it keeps my fries, and other items from sticking to pan, and makes the food cook evenly. Used the flat pan to cook bacon in the oven and the crisper pan to drain them on. Not Recommended Purchase: While the initial purchase of this little copper based "crisper" pan seemed great, after cooking chicken wings in the pan 2 times it ruined the pan, the spatter became baked into the pan during the second cooking and will not come out without ruining the coating. I have used it for a few months in that time the pan is stained from drippings and is no longer nonstick The basket does help cook fries faster but the copper is falling off, I think if I used my dishwasher on the basket it would be entirely silver after1 cycle I think I would rather have stainless Do not use Oven Cleaner on the surface as it will eat away the copper coating and ruin you pan. It does not perform any better than spreading fries in a baking dish and putting it in and oven, The tray stains easily and I am reluctant to scrub it as I fear the I will rub off the "copper" coating.
I love this product very nice every day lip color and last a long time on my lips. I love the color of this lipstick and it does stay on all day! Do like the color and that I do still have color on lips by end of day. I love the color so much and it is the only one I've ever had that lasts more than 2 hours on my lips. Stays on a very long time love the color. Love the color and it does stay on all day! Lip color stays on all day, I just need to use make up remover to get it off after a long day But it is a lip color that I've purchased from many stores before and love the long lasting color.
Very fast, very nice looking laptop. Nice laptop, fast, quiet and a great laptop to use! Easily the best laptop I've ever owned and so happy with the value of this computer. I've owned this HP laptop for almost four months (my first laptop) and no problems at all. Got this computer in 1st week of March 2020, its a good laptop for the price paid, absolutely value for money. Battery lasts 3 times longer than her old laptop! This laptop gets the job done, but it's loud and the battery is subpar. I am shocked at how fast this laptop starts up and shuts down!
Out of all my shoes, this is by far my most comfortable one and it's a golf shoe. Shoes are perfect and fit better than any pair I've ever worn so much so I don't want to wear any other shoe ! Where can you buy a comfortable good looking pair of golf shoes for $50? I have several pair of Skechers street shoes and they are all very comfortable, so I decided to try the golf shoe. Most comfortable pair of golf shoes I have ever worn. Size was a perfect fit, very comfortable, really like these shoes. Shoes fit great and we’re very comfortable. One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever put on my feet.
This is a nice sturdy bench that both, keeps your shoes off the floor (so roomba can sweep underneath), and gives a nice place to sit and put your shoes on. Sturdy and nice to sit on to put shoes on. I like the bench on top so you can sit and put your shoes on. I use this to hold my shoes and as a bench to sit on when I put my shoes on. Sturdy for use as a seat to put your shoes on. Sturdy bench that fits 6 pairs of shoes. It is sturdy enough for both my husband and me to sit on while we put on our shoes. Very convenient and having the bench makes it easy to sit to put on and/or take off shoes.
Love this lamp although there isn't an easy switch for the small reading light. I really like the looks of the lamp and like that you can have just the reading light on, or just the top light on or...both at the same time. The only switch is a 3 way (On for the top light, one for the reading lamp and then for both together). I was surprised at how much light this lamp put out, but it is not a harsh light. My other lamp which was similar had a switch on the small light separate from the switch for larger light. Good lamp,light is good, looks nice, but doesn't have a good base for sitting on carpet. Would have liked to have a different switch for the lower light, but otherwise great lamp! The lamp is pretty and provides great light.
My son was looking for some cheap airsoft gloves that fit him and have some protection. everything is fine with these gloves as they seem to be made of good fabric, i have long fingers and skinny hands i usually get a large for all glove sizes, this time a large fit me like most medium would The gloves fit well alot of protection on your hands comfortable to wear and there the best paintball gloves iv ever bought Gloves are true to size and offer good protection for back of the hand and fingers in Airsoft Force-on-Force training. Originally bought the gloves for fencing (protection against fingers getting hit). My hands are huge and the XL gloves fit great! Good hand protector a little big in the fingers but over all very good gloves Anyway this is a great pair of gloves good protection.
Alexa Smart Home will find the power strip and all the plugs and ports after Smart Life setup. But when the outlet is off for too long the whole power strip disconnects from both the Google Home app and the Smart Link app. And has a smart app that you can power on and off while your not home. Control each plug and name them what you want in the Alexa app. work as expected with the smart life app and alexa. Using Alexa app, search for smart devices. I realized that the "Smart Life" App should be set up first before setting up the Amazon Alexa. It works with Smart Life app that I can connect to Google home.
I searched for a decent hardwood floor cleaner that would make my floors shine again. This is the best product that I've found to put some shine into real hard wood floors. This product makes my hard wood floors in the kitchen, shine! My hardwood floors look so beautiful with this product, it truly makes the floor look brand new and it lasts during traffic. This stuff put an amazing shine on my hardwood floors. Love this product - brings shine to my dull wood floors without t full redo. The floors now look nice and shiny, no scratches, and now I don't need so many rugs to cover up the floor. I was surprised what a nice shine it gave to my very old wood floors.
This is Such a cute bathing suit fits nice covers up your back end perfectly is comfortable and flattering I'm so glad I ordered it it's my 1st one piece in a long time. I had to return it & have order a smaller size ... the quality is nice the cut it pretty flattering, it will take me a little time to get used to the shorts as bottoms rather than normal bathing suit bottoms & I took the weird cups out ... hoping the smaller size fits better! Maybe I did not get the right size.......I got the same size in a different brand and it is perfect and I love them......anyway, this suit just did not fit right. I wear a size 16 so I purchased that size but it was too large/wide in the shorts part underneath the suit that I'm not comfortable wearing it. Super cute bathing suit very true to size extremely flattering. Love this suit, super cute, and flattering. I followed the size chart and was so happy to find that the swim suit is cute and fit perfectly! I wear a size 10 -12 bathing suit normally and ordered a size XL.
Great cups for Keurig to use whatever coffee you like. These work so much better than the Keurig My K Cups, no grounds in coffee, good flavor...they work great! These work much better than the other brand and I'm sure I get more cups of coffee from $2 of ground coffee that I get from $6 of k-cups so I'm saving money. In a cup of coffee using these cups, I will get one or two grounds in my coffee but that's about it. They're easy to clean and use and they make a great cup of coffee. These cups save money on coffee because loose coffee is much cheaper than coffee in the k-cups. I love that these cups make it easy to make a single cup of coffee in my Keurig without having to buy the wasteful k-cups every time. I used this for my keurig coffee maker their perfect 😊 easy to clean
Maybe it's a good TV but not a good monitor. Great price for a fantastic TV / Monitor 39" . I bought this as a monitor, not as a TV. Its the sharpest tv I've ever owned and the largest and it was only $340 Too slow for gaming or use as a computer monitor, but for watching movies and tv its great. This TV/Monitor is awesome with the new video card. It would be even better if it was just a monitor and not a TV. EXCELLENT AS A COMPUTER MONITOR AS WELL AS A TV. great value and probably a good TV, but was hoping to use as a monitor.
Well written book of many useful survival ideas. My teen son loves survival/outdoor things, so we bought him this book, and he has read the entire thing. Great book with some really good survival hacks in it. Unlike other survival books, this book gives you ideas for both rural and urban situations. To be able to have such survival hacks and tips in a book form to practice and use is priceless. This book has a good list of improvised ideas that can help in a survival situation. AWESOME Book, by far one of the best books for your Survival Toolbox. Great book, lot of practical uses for every day stuff not usually thought of for survival, camping or day to day stuff.
I got my Acer TC-885 and have it all set up I got it to replace my old unit that was windows 7 this new computer is very fast and was very easy to set up it took about an hour to transfer my files from the old computer and about an hour to fully set up I use it for day to day home use bills and shopping on line it's great i'm very happy with it and if anyone is looking for a fast home set up this is it and it's a very good buy for the money. Great and fast computer, I really like it, first time buying Acer and I Am sold. This isn't some powerful computer for gaming, but if you want something that can run windows 10 and can be used for internet and watching movies then there is nothing better than this for the price. Like any new computer, this machine works fine. So far, I have been pleasantly surprised with the performance of my new Acer Computer. Fast shipping & computer is perfect for what i need it for...there is nothing i do not like about it. Super value Windows 10 home computer. Acer makes a reliable computer.
My 8 year old son loves it, fits great and comfortable The gear is well put together and fits my 10 yr old son very well. Great set overall but helmet runs small and did not fit my 9 year old. Fits my 10 year old son perfect. Great gear for my 10 year old. This fits my 11 year old son perfectly. Gear fit my 10 yr old son perfectly. The helmet wasn't a good fit for my son.
The cleaner is wonderful and thoroughly cleans my brushes.. and the quick color change is perfect for using the same brush for different colors. The cute heart, you place your hand in it add some water and your brush cleaner and it really cleans your brushes very well. The pink brush cleaner makes cleaning makeup brushes a breeze. The pink silicone brush cleaner works great with baby shampoo in thoroughly cleaning all brushes. However now that I’m increasing my makeup brushes I’ll be in the market for a electric brush cleaner. The heart brush cleaner is adorable and makes cleaning my brushes fun. It works well enough to switch from light colors, but definitely doesn't clean your brush enough to go from a dark color to a light color (these were also clean brushes). I was also expecting, for some reason, a solution to clean the brushes with to go along with the brush cleaner.
All of these print configurations support printing to my Epson printer from anywhere in the world that I have an internet connection. I have it configured to print from an IPAD (via Epson Iprint), an Android Tablet (via Cloud Print), a laptop (via remote printing), and by sending an email directly to the printer. very easy to set up works great with both windows and Mac computers very fast printing 10 times faster then my old epson printer The print quality is pretty good, I don't use it for photos much, just needed a good priced all in one, but what color printing I have done beats any Canon printer I've had in the past. This printer does not waste ink on useless print test like HP. It took over one and one half minutes from time of clicking to print until printer recognized and started printing. Never had great print quality, cartridges were always replaced with Epson brand and they needed to be changed significantly more than previous printer (Cannon - lasted over 10 years). It has a bigger foot print than our last home printer, but it does a lot more than our Epson Stylus color 740.
These gloves are soft, warm, look great and fit great. Highly recommend these gloves for anyone looking for a nice leather dress, moderately warm glove. These gloves are a perfect deep red, the leather is very good quality, and soft. I have small, thin hands and can’t find a pair of leather gloves that work for me. I've used Thinsulate gloves for decades and found them to be warm while the leather keeps your hands dry. Great leather with thinsulate gloves, especially for winter driving. These gloves are a perfect fit and very warm. These gloves fit well, they're soft and warm, and they're supple.
Its a good size bag for my tools for work. The bag is made of sturdy material and holds lots of his tools. This bag is durable and holds quite a bit of tools. I needed a simple durable bag for a few tools. Good tool bag to store your tools or gadgets in and would recommend. Sturdy quality tool bag. A good starter bag, has enough room for my tools. Good quality bag for all sorts of stuff, not just tools.
Our first camping trip ended up with a full night of rain and this tent kept us dry. This is a great tent for two people with an air mattress for car camping. I like this tent, I have only been camping twice and it was super easy to set up. Got the tent, went camping this past weekend and we got rain. bought this tent for a camping trip and was impressed with how easy it was to set up and take down. The only thing I would say is it did rain during our camping weekend and we did feel moisture inside the tent. This tent is easy to set up and had plenty of room for 2 people. It's a good tent, easy to assemble, keeps the rain out well, will purchase a 3 person + tent in the future.
I love this machine, looks great and makes excellent coffee. Love my coffee machine ! I like this coffee machine, easy to use and clean. Love this little machine, easy to use best coffee tasting coffee This coffee machine worked well for 5 months. I love this espresso machine and use it daily however after about 3 months the milk frother has stopped working I should get this machine long time ago,,,make amazing coffee,, so easy to use it The machine is really low quality, the milk frother doesn't work most of the time, the machine is very noisy and you cant use it in the morning if anyone still sleeping at home, I think its a waste on money and for sure recommend to search for a different one with a higher capacity
Looks great and the touch screen is very responsive I love the Apple CarPlay I just think it’s just an overall good radio upgrade for your car at a great price. My hubby liked the radio and the Apple carplay so much that I ended up ordering a second pioneer radio for his car. I love the Apple car play the unit sounds awesome! I installed this radio in my car. Great radio with apple car play! This radio is amazing for the price point and to have Apple CarPlay. No apple car play on this unit. Overall, this new radio made me feel like my car is brand new again, I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking to get an aftermarket radio with Carplay.
Works great for that old laptop which doesn't have a DVD drive. Works great, love this option as new laptop did not come with DVD/CD drive worked as expected, great for on the go or when you have a new laptop that doesnt have a cd/dvd drive I bought this external drive because my new laptop didn't have a DVD / CD drive. This LG DVD drive works fine. This has worked great on my laptop that does not have a built in dvd drive. i have not tried to record onto dvd using this usb optical drive but it does play dvd's very well. This was purchased to work with a laptop that had no built in CD/DVD drive.
I love my hair with this product now! great hair product. Great product for your hair. Only hair product that works for me. I do like this product for my hair as it's a great hair product. The best hair product I own. This is the best product for my hair. I like the other product much better for my hair.
My hands sweat all day long so come climbing time I really rely on my chalk. I bought this bag when I was climbing 4+ days/week and I still have lots of chalk left. Big Bag o' chalk for a nice low price. Came as a block, fits perfectly in my standard size climbing bag, and it is chalk. this chalk is absolutely amazing i use it for rock climbing i probably go about 3-4 times a week and i havent even been through one block yet it added a bunch of friction for my grip and it applies really easily just break some off and rub it in your hand it last forever and is the best chalk ive used so far it got here way before it was expected to and i will not use any other chalk as long as i climb i would recommend this for anyone that uses chalk whether it be climbing or weightlifting or anything you need it will handle the job Some quality chalk for a good price, sticks to hands really well and creates good grip especially for someone with sweaty hands like me. When I bought a second bag the chunks of chalk seemed to be harder and the chalk didn't help my sweaty hands as much as I wanted. Used this to refill chalk bag for rock climbing.
Also, the bristles are almost too soft for my needs, and I need to replace the toothbrushes a lot more frequently than a plastic toothbrush. The bristles also felt a bit too soft to me, but I usually use a "medium" toothbrush, so people who usually use "soft" toothbrushes will probably be fine with the bristle stiffness. I was happy to buy 4 bamboo toothbrushes to avoid plastic, and used one for about a year, when one hole of bristles fell out while in my mouth, and I almost choked on them. They are different from a plastic toothbrush in feel in that the handle doesn't flex so you feel like you get a really firm brush even though the bristles are soft. These are the first bamboo toothbrushes I've found with soft enough bristles for my sensitive gums. I've used different brands of bamboo toothbrushes and the bristles fall out easily and get stuck in my teeth. Not only are you helping the environment by replacing it with your old plastic one, but the bristles work really well and it feels sturdier than any high end plastic toothbrush out there. We have been looking for a toothbrush that does not have plastic bristles and we found these and love them.
It removed some hair but it doesn’t remove all hair and a lot of wax is left behind and very hard to remove. Look for the Nad's wax strips or facial wand instead so you can give it a try without having to toss out an entire jar if it doesn't work out. If I am doing something wrong, I would be happy to hear it but I had much better results with the Nads Body Wax Strips. I waxed my whole leg using only 2 of the strips, you dont need a lot of wax, it doesnt leave my legs sticky, the moisturizer that comes with it feels so good! Actually I won’t even have to wax face anymore which is where I have more hair. I have been using the nads pre-waxed strips to wax my legs because all the targets by me don't carry the jar anymore. Minimal mess, able to reuse wax on strips multiple times, easy clean up. Easy to use and works like a professional wax hair remover.
I decided to buy this for me and my mom and it definitely works our feet started to peel around the 4-5 day mark after doing the feet mask. Within 5 days my feet were peeling, and the skin is all new! It is now the 10th day after using the mask and our feet are still peeling but it’s definitely all worth it in the end because the parts that have already peeled on my feet are now very smooth. My feet started to peel 2 days after using the product. It took a week for my feet to start peeling but my feet didn’t peel in the spots that I wanted to peel. My feet are so soft under the old skin that is peeling away. My feet were so sweaty, my feet peeled a little then stopped peeling leaving my feet very dry and cracked. This product was ok, my feet were pretty much the same before and after using this product.
The door is set pretty high, it makes it very easy to trip getting in and out, not a good tent for little kids. We used this tent on a night where it was going to rain and we had never set it up before. Ended up having heavy rain the first night of camping with this tent. Nice tent with plenty of room easy to set up it only took us a few minutes to get it set up. This tent has lots of room and was pretty easy to set up with 2 people. The only thing about this tent is if you're going to be camping in the rain, you'll need to put a tarp over top of it. Great tent, easy to put up, and held up great in the rain. We put 2 twin mattresses on one end of the tent for us - - kids on the other of the tent and still plenty of room to get in the door, store our stuff and move around.
First of all, by the time you spray and fill the egg cups , screw on the lids , put them in the holder, and then afterward loosen to get them out, and clean all the egg cups, you could easily boil and peel the eggs faster. I like not trying to peel my fresh eggs any longer, the product works well, just use a little non stick spray and crack an egg in there, boil it up and eat! When it was time to empty the egg cups, some stuck,, some were not completely cooked, and some had water in the cups along with the eggs. The egg cookers came in a open bag that looked like it had been ripped open and something taken out of it there was no top to the bag and the product was rolling around in the box and there were no instructions on how to use this item /how long to cook the eggs or how to tell when the eggs are done. Just remember to spray a bit of Pam in the egg cooker so the eggs just slide out. Egg cups did not stay together and eggs were floating in the water. Somehow water is getting inside with the egg and this leaves a poached texture.. so far I'm not very impressed, but it is still easier then peeling eggs Allowing the egg filled cups to float independently in boiling water causes the eggs to cook unevenly so the frame must be used even for couple of eggs at a time.
I purchased the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2) as a replacement for the Comcast/Xfinity modem/router I was paying $15 a month to use for internet and wifi. The netgear c7000 cable modem/wifi router was fast and easy to install. Netgear is is a great WiFi cable modem router. The Netgear modem/router is worth the $200 because you use your internet everyday. The NETGEAR Cable Modem WiFi Router Combo C6250 failed completely after 16 months. Great WiFi Cable Modem Router! easily broken, the wifi signal is not as good as other modem/Router. After searching I decided on the NETGEAR Nighthawk AC1900 WiFi Cable Modem Router (C7000v2).
the curling iron is everything it claims is big, it heats up to 450 degrees however it does not curl my hair and I have long thick hair I think it might be it is too big but looking at videos over in you tube people with shorter hair get the curls for me is impossible. My hair doesn’t hold curls well due to the heaviness of my hair, but using this curling iron is probably the best my hair has ever looked. I wanted so much to like this curling iron, however, I think my hair may be too fine because my hair kept slipping out when trying to curl it. I love how fast the iron heats up, how well it curls and how quickly I am able to curl my hair!! This curling iron makes my hair smell like burnt hair all the time. It is great because I have fine hair and turn the heat down very low and it still works great in curling my hair. My hair is easy to curl and the curls last for days, but not with this curling iron. The Iron never got hot enough to really curl my hair.
Nice - good quality, looks and feels like a real beam, sturdy, my daughter loves it! My 10 year old daughter loves this beam. This is a great practice beam for home--it is extremely sturdy, feels like the beams at the gym (according to my daughter), and is easy to move around when we need to. Perfect size beam for our daughter to practice on at home. My daughter is a level 2 gymnast, and she needed a beam on which to practice. My daughter has been using this daily to practice gymnastics and she has become so much more confident on beam just in a month. exactly as described, my daughter is 11 and Loves this beam! Bought the beam for my daughter and she loves it.
I needed a simple combination lock for my gym locker and this one was perfect. My favorite combination lock for a school or gym locker. Perfect lock for the gym although a better design would have the combination on the front I like the slimness of the lock and it is a good size for a gym locker however the numbers on the face are not the combination that opens the lock; those numbers are on the side which mean you have to either twist the lock and/or twist your head to open the lock. However, I do not recommend using this lock for a gym locker -- it is slightly difficult to turn the lock to read the numbers on the side. This lock arrived promptly, was easy to create a combination, and fits nicely on my gym locker. It was easy to set the combination and it seems like a nice, sturdy lock. As the other women at the gym fumble with their lock or forget their combination, I have the lock off in a second.
Nice glasses, smallest glass is pretty small and not much use for it, but set is good overall. I would have liked the bubble design on the outside of the glass, but still a good looking set of glasses The glass was heavy, reasonably thick and the design looks good but my glasses were broken on arrival. I would have kept the set since there was only one glass broken but I kind of thought the glasses would be slightly bigger than they actually are. Small broken glass was in 2 of the glasses. I like the glasses just fine...though the box wasnt marked for glass inside and they arrived with one of the small ones very broken☹ The glasses also have a good design that helps you hold them and not slip like smooth glass does. Great set of glasses at a great price!
The third pot of coffee the glass top broke and left glass on the coffee basket. the glass lip on the lid broke off into the coffee pot lid off to fill with water and coffee. I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee. The perfect camping coffee pot when you need more than just a couple cups of coffee in the morning. I Love this coffee pot, except the glass piece on top broke and can not be replaced. Love the color of the coffee pot but it was flimsy and when we made coffee for the first time, the glass bulb burst. Its a coffee pot, and is fine for camping, which I bought it for. Made a great pot of coffee.
Picture is very clear and surprisingly good for a scope in this price range. For the price, it is an excellent scope.Bright clear view. Why spend more for a scope than a rifle if not shooting past 300 yards. Good, clear scope. Super Clear Scope at 300 Yards, at Dusk or Dawn and anywhere in between!! however when compared to more expensive scopes you can definitely tell the glass this scope uses is not the best. Great scope for the money,really clear, sighted in rife great crystal clear lenses, able to clear for eye easily.would buy again if needed. Excellent, clear and bright scope.
This bag is about as cute and fashionable as you can get with a clear purse. I bought this for a music festival for the need of a clear bag, and I got more compliments on this bag. Clear bag arrived on time as described. I also like that you can change out strap to give the bag a different look. I LOVE THIS BAG! Love the bag. I love this bag. I love this bag!
These socks are extremely thin, and the size 4-10 fit me perfectly (size 11 1/2 women's), so I had to order a different set for my daughter. I love these socks, great fit, colors, size, easy to launder. These socks fit my daughter fine but after only a few washes they look terrible! Only socks my daughter will wear. My daughter says these are the most comfortable socks she has. My daughter is not complaining about having to wear socks. My daughter needed new socks for school so we had purchased these last year! My daughter hates thick socks but these are perfect.
Great fit for large breast' .Couldn't find sports bras ANYWHERE in a regular bra I wear a 40D ALL others ran so small...but NOT these..ordered a size 2xx and great fit....Very well made RECEIVED these and ORDERED a white and gray set..EXCELLENT fit and price! My regular bra size is 36A so I size up one band size in these sports bras. Stretch Fit Bra fit as expected, but slightly tighter than cotton/spandex Hanes bras of the same style purchased previously. If they go back to how the bras were made before the change that would be great, I checked and my bra size has no increased, and I can't find a size for them now that really works for me. I am grateful to the woman who posted matching bra sizes to these sports bras as the size chart listed on Amazon is absolutely useless in trying to figure out what size would fit. In each set, one bra was an actual Large & fits like my other ones, but the other bras are noticeably smaller, which means they are really Medium. I wear a 34DDD and always had to wear a heavy duty bra for work(ICU rn) and really appreciate these bras. Typical bras feel like I have a metal band wrapped around me, but this bra is very soft and comfortable.
I bought these gloves for skiing and they kept my hands warm the whole time. These gloves kept my hands warm! With these gloves my hands were almost warm! She said her hands were plenty warm on a week long ski trip in a cold climate with these gloves. These gloves look nice, but they don't keep my fingers warm in cold temperatures. Fit perfect and the only gloves that have kept my hands warm in a heavy wet powder day in Utah skiing. I live in MN and these gloves work great to keep my hands warm and to block the cold winter wind! Love these mittens - they are pretty warm and keep your hands dry!
The humidifier is very quiet to use, and the water mist is very big, and the skin will not dry at night. I love all the different options the humidifier has, you can set a timer, the humidity level and also put it on night mode Definitely recommend this product! This is truly a customer friendly equipment product because its easy to use it, easy to fill in water and easy to carry the water tank, easy to set up timers, easy to clean the humidifier and easy to set up mist levels. So far this has been a great humidifier, it is quiet, and tells you the humidity level in your room so you know if you need to turn up the levels or not. It is great for using at the bathroom,This humidifier have adjustable mist output ,I can easily control the humidity level as I need !Make me sleep well at night and keep moist ! This humidifier is good.It contains low noise.It shows humidity level so that we can set according to that.It has more water capacity so that we no need to pour water for few days.It has LED light. It is a good and quiet humidifier that works well with a stable fog flow.It's so quiet that you don't even realize it's running.Easy to clean and can run for a long time when filled with a tank of water.Ideal for dry winter nights.You got your money's worth. This is the best room humidifier I've ever had.I already have a lot.We've been using this in the baby's room for months.It lasts for two nights, and then we fill it with water.It's very easy to clean (just pull up the top, you only need to clean the bottom where the water runs and where the filter is set), it's quiet and looks nice.I suggest buying it
I love my new Dyson vacuum. I give this vacuum a 5 stars as I love the Dyson DC40 . Love my Dyson DC40 vacuum cleaner. I still love my Dyson but just had to adjust to my new vacuum! suction is not as good as other cheaper Dyson vacuum cleaners, but is better than any other vacuums out there. I expected it being a Dyson it would be this awesome vacuum that I would use for a long time. Dyson makes far and away the best vacuum for the money, even for 4xs the money. This Dyson DC40 is all you want in a vacuum!
We have a lot of light in the bathroom where this mirror live so I've never noticed that there wasn't enough light. The mirror was easy to install and provides great light and magnification. However the light could be brighter., but overall I am happy with the mirror light. Light is sufficient because we have overhead lights in the bathroom, otherwise I don't think the light on the mirror would be enough. was packed very carefully, easy install extra bulb was a plus nice gold finish mirror quality seems excellent ,wife very happy Great quality product Disappointed in the amount of light it provides - would not purchase again or recommend for anyone who is looking for a bright make up mirror If you already have great bathroom lighting- then this is a great mirror for you! My light on my camera is better than the light on this mirror. The light was VERY DIM I was very disappointed with the light and size of the mirror.
It breaks rocks, which is what a rock hammer is supposed to do. Wonderful Rock Hammer that should get through a few rocks for me. My grandson is very pleased with his rock hammer.I also sent him a starter kit, and a picture book of rocks and gem stones. I got this for my 9 year old grand son, along with a rock identification book and satchel to keep his rocks and hammer in. Good rock hammer for an amazing price! I can't say that I am by any means a expert but this rock pick hammer seems very solid. Heavy duty Rock Hammer. Nice rock hammer for the price.
I love this chair, but it is a bit heavy for those used to the chairs without a shade. Very good chair..easy to transport to games and beach for shade. The chair is nice and sturdy and the canopy provided more than adequate shade. Nice amount of shade and the chair has the usual comfort that these kind of chairs have. If you are like me, I can't deal with putting away complicated gadgets - but this chair is just as easy to put away as the regular chairs (without the shade). I really like this Max Shade folding chair w/ canopy top. Very excited to use this shade chair, we are extra aware of sun exposure lately. Great chair, love the super adjustable shade top.
These are the most comfortable shoes. Very comfortable shoes. Still one of the most comfortable shoes ever. Very comfortable love these shoes my 3rd pair absolutely live these shoes Really like these shoes, I bought them to work out in and they were so comfortable I started using them for work, I'm on my feet all day and they feel great, now I need to get another pair to work out in. Excellent, quality pair of shoes! 3rd pair my favorite shoes. This is my 4th pair my favorite shoes ever
These look great and work even better, gear wrench has never failed to deliver on their ratcheting wrenches , they are somewhat on the pricey side but worth every penny Quality wrenches just severely disappointed in the description you do not get a 1.25" wrench witch is why I mostly wanted the set. product is honestly great until I open the package and all the wrenches are GearWrench except the 1/4 size wrench...for some reason they decided to put a craftsman 1/4 size wrench in place of the GearWrench one. Work great but the set was missing 13/16 wrench and in its place was a 7/8 wrench now I have two 7/8 wrenches now. Great set of wrenches, HOWEVER, I seriously wish they would have some type of indication on the wrench you can see and feel to know which side is loosen and which side is tighten. Great set of wrenches, price is unmatched MAC averages $40.00 per wrench sears is approximately $250.00 per set. Really nice set of wrenches for the price. this is a good set of wrenches and for the price i feel it was the best, arrived on time,
These gloves did keep my hands warm, but the whole touch screen fingers did not work when trying to use my phone for pictures. My hands are always cold, but these gloves kept them warm and dry all day. Cute gloves but the fingers were too long and they didn’t keep my hands very warm. I would recommend these gloves, they keep your hands very warm I was looking for gloves that keep my hands warm in cold temps... 20s and below. The gloves are very well made, and they keep your hands warm in the extreme cold weather. Both times the gloves kept my hands warm and at the perfect temperature ... not too hot or too cold. These gloves are great used them last weekend to ski my hands were warm and dry!!!
I have tried to find swim shirt that fits without being skin tight. I take a size 10/12 and ordered a size large top, but this top was too small and tight. This shirt gives great coverage fits well without being too tight or too hot. Shirt fits fine, but is not a fitted cut and therefore not tight. I ordered what should have been a larger size so it wouldn't fit really tight but even that didn't help. I normally wear a size 12 and this shirt in a large was perfect. The shirt runs small and the neck is so tight you have to really pull to get it over your head. I love the color and fit of this swim shirt.
I use the belt to hold my phone when running. So for now my keys go in my running shorts and my phone in the belt, and I'm happy :) Great belt for running or wearing at the gym to hold your phone. I never carry my phone with me running but I figured I'd try it out with the belt. I use it for running and it’s the best belt to hold your phone, credit cards or other items. I run with my phone inside of the belt and wear it on the small of my back. This is a true iPhone or other large phone work out belt. This belt has some stretch and was able to fit my phone, keys and running fuel.
Great Product overall I love this speaker great sound awesome bass The bass and sound in general is better than any other <$100 bluetooth speaker I've had. Sound quality is awesome for a speaker this size. Speaker has great sound quality and the lights on the top and bottom are a nice feature, especially when using outside at night. This speaker is compact with great sound. Great sound relative to the price and size, very happy with this speaker. Surprisingly great sound from a small, great priced speaker. You get your money’s worth with this speaker excellent sound excellent bass.
As if spending $150 on this device wasn't enough, Slingbox charges a lot of money for their apps, and has now placed ads in their desktop player for Windows and OSX. this product worked great until the greedy bastards at slingbox decided to put ads on their desktop player (the only way to connect). Now they are running video ads that you must wait through before getting to your Slingbox connection. So now you can watch TV ads and Slingbox Ads! UPDATE: Slingbox just pushed an update to the desktop player, and now the ads are even more intrusive. So if someone is watching the TV with the slingbox attached, but the other person wants to watch something different at home, it only mirrors what you see on the TV end.. It was easy to set up, and I have it running through my Roku-2, so I do not need to connect my PC or tablet to the TV to watch through Slingbox. Not sure why Slingbox thinks it's fair to ask their customers to pay $150 for the privilege to look at their ads.
For the size of the room, the sound is great and i only have it up about 60-70% of the way. Sound is good on this unit for my first subwoofer. After my update to my 5.1 surround sound system to a 7.1 surround sound system with a new Onkyo AV receiver and two Polk satellite speakers I decided on replacing my ancient Polk PSW100 powered subwoofer with a Polk PSW111 Compact Powered 8" Subwoofer with a Mediabridge double shielded 8 ft RCA to RCA cable. My wife and I are happy with the way this Polk Audio PSW111 Compact Powered 8" Subwoofer handles the base sounds with our surround sound system whether it is thundering base or lower volume sounding base tones. Awesome sound and small size. My Set-up: TV: Vizio XVT series 42" RECEIVER: Sony STR-DH700 BLUE RAY: Sony BDP-S360 SPEAKERS: Polk Audio surround RM10 set w/ PSW111 Subwoofer This little subwoofer might not be for those wanting a boomy earth-shaking bass; however, for those that want a tight bass for adding a bottom end to their tower speakers this would be the choice. Pros: features, build quality, size, price, any subwoofer drastically improves a stereo system Cons: compared to my cheaper Polk PSW10, this is terrible.
You don't need the hub if you have an Echo, and in fact, the two won't work with each other: if you pair your bulbs to the Hue Hub, then Alexa can't locate them for use with her. The hue lights/bulbs will cost you but I’ve never had any issues with them. These bulbs make life easier: It's great to schedule lights or use the GPS feature to have the lights turn on as you enter your neighborhood using the Philips app. When trying to turn off via app or Alexa, bulbs turn off but then back on again. Lights are easy to set up and control via phone app or by voice command to Alexa and/Or Google home. This will enable you to add the bulbs into the Alexa app when they can then be managed via the app or via voice command. I love being about to ask the lights to be dimmed and since they are in a ceiling fan with 3 bulbs I can ask Alexa to turn off specific bulbs if I go to sleep before my husband. I bought the hue bridge and link it with Alexa along with four lights.
I got this belt to hold my phone and keys when I run. This is a great belt, both for running and when I don't feel like carrying a bag but have to hold my phone, keys, and whatever else. I mainly use this for when I run and stick my phone, keys, and ID in the belt. Are use this flip belt to go running and carry my phone and car keys. I got this belt to hold my phone while I'm out on the road, running. I can barely notice the belt when running, my phone doesn't move at all. Great running belt, no bounce and phone is always secure My phone (iPhone 7 Plus) is pretty bulky when inside the belt.
The quality of this bath tub caddy is great, beautiful high quality wood. This bath tub caddy tray was just as advertised. Really enjoy my bath caddy, Very sturdy, lots of room just make sure to secure it across your tub. Love the bath tub caddy. I gave this as a Christmas gift and it's used and appreciated at least 5 nights a week!😁 She loves her bath tub table, and I love that she loves it! And as someone who likes a full on pampering in the tub by watching movies on my tablet, drinking wine & eating chocolate this bath caddy is perfect. It was sturdy, didn't slip off the edge of the tub and made bath time much more relaxing by keeping my book, music and wine dry and within reach :) I highly recommend this bath caddy to anyone looking for a quality bath caddy. I’ve been looking for months for the perfect bath caddy to use in our new tub in our newly remodeled master bathroom.
This chair is super comfortable and easy to put together. Love this chair, its very easy to assemble and very comfortable. Comfortable chair and easy to clean. Good, comfortable chair. It's actually a comfortable chair. Very comfortable chair. However, the chair was not comfortable at all. The chair is comfortable and well liked.
Great TV for the price, picture quality and sound are really good, love the smart tv features and apps. Love this TV.. easy to use and great picture and sound quality.. great price. This TV has a great picture, good sound, and is just a little over $200. I probably wouldn’t buy a Roku tv because of the remote The TV is great sound and picture. The tv itself is great, great picture quality for its price. Love the TV, great picture and easy enough to use. My Direct TV remote doesn't have a code to operate the Roku TV.
Put the rest throughout my house for night lights instead of having to turn on light after light to get something. The light is really bright for a night light. Good light but not too bright like most night lights I tried. Great product, they create good light with a warm light not to bright like a flash light like some nite lights highly recommend them They stay on to light the way at night, and when the lights are dim but still on and you walk by, these light up. They give out exactly the right amount of light so I don’t have to turn on a light at night when I have to get up in the dark. I put one light in my bathroom, and one light in my upstairs hallway, the lights shine very bright, I would recommend this product to others. Great little lights to put wherever you need soft light to get around at night.
I ordered a size M and they fit perfect Ive been suffering knee pain and these sleeves provide good support for my knees when heavy lofting at the gym They're super easy to put on and take off Would definitely recommend them Ever since received my knee sleeves I used this right away and my knees never felt better after leg day! These knee sleeves are comfortable and supportive and are just what these 60 year old knees need for CrossFit classes. Knee sleeve fit well, move well and support my knees allowing me to squat again. Before using MAVA knee compression support, my knees will ache after any type of workout I do. Doing HITT training with bad knees, these knee sleeves did the trick. Great support and love to feel my knees are not going to blow apart, warmth in the knee area is key. Would recommend these knee sleeves to powerlifting ,bodybuilding,cross fit and more These knee sleeves are nice fits good and keeps my knees from hurting,and when working out doing squats or jump rope and more , they don’t slide down .
Excellent UPS power system. Before this failure it DID operate as it should, however the time on battery power was way less than it should have been, the unit would die after 4 minutes of using battery power with nothing more than a PC attached to it. when it tries to run on battery power. What's the point of a UPS that doesn't keep the power on? Synology identifies the unit and mine is currently set to power down after 5 minutes as well as power the UPS off. That's with the monitor not being on battery power. Works great to clean up the power for my computer. If the power goes off, this UPS takes over immediately.
These lights look great, were easy to assemble & put off a great light. They're simple lights, but give off a good amount of bright light. Love the lights and the way they put out light. Lights are bright and work great. the lights have been in the sunlight for a few days now but are still not very bright at night.....have old rusty ones that are much brighter and last longer at night.....so far.. i'm underwhelmed with these solar lights..but i'll give them a few more days... so far all but one of these lights is working - i have moved the one that didn't light up t see if it just wasn't getting enough sun - the rest of them are great - easy to put together and easy to put in the yard and give off a nice soft light which is just what i was after to light a path to take our dog out at night - i would definitely consider getting more of these Put the lights out to charge in the Sun,Night came only one light came on and it was very Dim. Absolutely love these lights they light up so beautiful at night
These cutting boards are a good size - not too large and not too small - and sturdy enough to stand up to scrubbing and being cleaned in the dishwasher. Love these cutting boards and the knife. These cutting boards are the perfect size, and I love having 4 of them so that there is always at least one that is available and not in the dishwasher waiting to be cleaned. I love the cutting boards and the ceramic knife. These cutting boards are a nice quality, perfect size and great colors. These cutting boards are extremely thin and show knife marks terribly. The knife include is not durable at all however customer service is great and fixed my issue, cutting boards works great! the cutting boards are great, dishwasher safe, don't take up much space, are pretty and perfect for my use.
We recently installed this whole house fan. The fan works great and was easy to install. The fan itself works well and I would recommend it to anyone who has a professional to help them install it. As to noise, it is a whole house fan, so you get use to it, but its not something we would run all day for sure. Wanted to install an attic fan myself, very simple and it works great. Great fan, it is noisy but really moves the air.Easy to install. love it.whole house fan is the way to go The attic fan is perfect for our house.
The bed frame is easy to put together, looks nice and is very sturdy. Great bed frame and easy to put together. The bed frame is an excellent buy, strong, sturdy and easy to assemble. It took me 26 mins to assemble the frame, take my toddlers bed out of her room, put this one in, put her gel mattress on top and make the bed. This bed frame was easy to assemble, is just as sturdy as when we bought it, and a good black color. This is a great sturdy bed frame. This bed frame was so easy to assemble, I was able to do it by myself. This bed frame was very easy to assemble.
Most comfortable boot I have ever had..,now I have 3 pairs of regular Ariat boots and the new waterproof pair! Usually, I wear size 8-8.5, with these boots I ordered 8.5, but my next pair will be a 9. Best of all these boots are absolutely waterproof & comfortable to wear all day. These boots are so comfortable that I can wear them all day, brand new as they come out of the box. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever found - this is the 4th pair I have owned. I wear 8.5 B (M) and bought this size... the boots fit exactly as I need. I needed a pair of sturdy boots that I could use for hiking, riding, or for working. I've been looking for a pair of hiking boots and these are perfect.
It is a nice decanter with nice shape, but it just too heavy to hold and pour the wine into the glass when there is not too much remaining. 2) When you pour the very last bit of wine (you are holding the decanter completely upside down) it tends to pour from the entire circle and unless you have a wine glass with a giant opening it spills. One note: another reviewer talked about how to grip the decanter when pouring the last glass of wine so it wouldn't spill all over -- he was right! Very nice decanter, but without a spout can deliver a sheet of wine instead of a concentrated pour. My only issue with it is that it is almost impossible to pour the wine into a wineglass without some of the wine trickling down the side of the decanter. The decanter is attractive and does a good job with the wine. Much more durable than my previous reidel decanter, but when you get down to the very last sip of wine in the decanter, you have to be extremely careful how you pour, I have already soaked a few guests by accident just trying to pour them the last little bit of wine that was left in the decanter! Nice decanter, but could use a spout/edge so the wine does not drip down the side.
I used this base for my wedding cake and was perfect and beautiful Beautiful, I am using as a cake stand. It held like a stone and was beautiful for a 3-layer wedding cake. This is going to go under my wedding cake, I absolutely love it! I ordered this for my wedding, I fell in love with on the had at bed bath and beyond, but it was 30 and couldnt see spending that much, so I got this one and didnt expect to like it that much, but i honestly love this one more, it heavy duty, smooth, and very beautiful I highly recommend. This will look beautiful with our wedding cake sitting on it for our May wedding! Need to adjust the size for this item, the one I recieved was only 12"x13" plan to use it as a base for a wedding cake and now none of the wood will show. This made a beautiful cake plate for my daughters woodland themed baby shower.
I am in love with this suit, I only tried it on at home and it looks amazing, it fits perfectly, I am 48kg (105Ib) & 157cm (i guess that's 5"1'), I ordered size 5, it's difficult to wear but I was expecting that, I didn't want to buy a bigger size like many customers did because I don't want my suit to be loose, I can't wait to try it outside, it looks and feels great, very warm and very well made, so yeah good price for a good product. I used their size chart and bought the recommended size, but the suit is WAY too big. I usually wear sizes between S and M; I bought size M and the fit was super tight to my skin, maybe a little too tight but what do i know i've never bought a swim suit before (heard wet suits are supposed to be like that). I got XL in this 3mm wetsuit, and while the legs have a little excess length, it's actually just the right suit. I am 5'5 (well 5'4 3/4) and around 130lbs 34DD and this suit, the size 5, fits like a glove. I am 5‘11“, I ordered size 13 and it fits great. IT fits, i am 6' 5" at 240 lbs, use this suit in the Gulf of Mexico in the winter, so far so good !!! This suit fits as expected and for the price it’s hard to beat.
The lids fit well and, because the trays are silicone, it's easy to remove individual ice cubes by pushing up from the bottom. Pros: - Lids fit and trays are stackable for freezing - Ice do indeed pop out by pushing the silicone bottoms - Good price for quality and amount Cons: - Lids don't quite fit if overfilled and iced over, or after popping some ice out - Takes a bit to pop the ice out (brace both hands on sides) Overall, satisfied with purchase. It is very easy to pop out the ice cubes from these trays. Don't buy; trays are very small, not easy to use as ice is hard to remove and there is only enuf ice per tray for one small glass. I like these ice trays but if you have any sort hand strength issues - you may have problems getting ice cubes loose. Unlike my old ice cub trays, the ice cubes come out easily and in one piece! The silicone bottom on these trays alleviates the need for twisting the tray to remove the cubes. My freezer doesn't have ice maker, so I have to use ice cube trays.
Nice handles used on new kitchen cabinets for a great price. Great quality and handles and the looked awesome on my new kitchen cabinets. My kitchen cabinet looks new with the handles, very good quality, I love them. my wife and I painted our kitchen cabinets I have always liked the way these handles looked they are great for looks as well as price Great price and they look great on my new kitchen cabinets. Perfect handles for my kitchen cabinets. The price and quality are amazing and they look so nice in our kitchen! The screw it came with worked well for my kitchen cabinets but I had to buy longer screws for my kitchen drawers.
Love my ice coffee....and this product is amazing for going from hot to cold! I make my coffee in the morning, take this out of the freezer, and in 30 seconds i have Iced coffee! So easy to have some ice coffee now. It works very quickly, it doesn't water down my coffee. I highly recommend this item if you love ice coffee. I can brew my hot coffee in the morning and he uses this to make the coffee ice cold. Bought in September, when I would chill my coffee, the ice from the chiller would melt and when I pour my coffee out, the water would leak and pour into my coffee cup, after about 8 months of use, it busted on the side when sitting in the freezer over night. You can only make one cup of coffee at a time 2) By the time when you make the second cup of coffee, some of the ice inside the chiller has melted and the water leaks out when you pour the coffee...
I have very sensitive skin and this product cleans my makeup really well without irritating the skin. I have oily and sensitive skin and when I remove makeup it leaves my face clean and fresh. My face was a mess before I started using this, i had huge dry patches and skin flaking off to the point where I didn't even want to put on makeup anymore... normal makeup remover only irritated my skin more.. it was horrible.. this water saved my skin My skin is super sensitive and it does dry out or cause any breakouts for my skin while removing all the makeup from my face efficiently. It really does get all makeup off and feels really good on your skin. This is the best product I have found for removing makeup from my dry, sensitive skin. I have very sensitive skin and I can use this to remove eye makeup. Doesnt leave a residue on your face afterwards and doesnt dry out your skin, is very gentle yet gets all of your makeup off.
I love this coffee mug. I love this coffee cup. This is the best coffee cup!!!! She also loves coffee and often has to stir her mug, so I thought this would be perfect. Loved this coffee cup. while i get ready, coffee brews... i fill my cup, splash of milk and sugar then cover it and stir on the way to the car.... love love love this mug!!! It’s just an expensive coffee cup now. Cute cup I wanted a on the go blender cup for my keto coffee ( butter heavy cream coffee) but honestly it’s more of a novelty item for me.
The Sony Alarm clock radio is a nice compact size and easy to program. I love Sony products, and am always happy with what I've gotten, including this radio alarm clock. I received the Sony ICFC1 alarm clock radio (black) today and have to say what a breeze setting it up. I've been very pleased with this Sony alarm clock radio, especially given the very reasonable price. My last Sony alarm clock radio lasted nearly 25 years so I look forward to good performance from this one. I had the old style Sony Alarm Clock Radio, which was discontinued. Really Good Alarm Clock Radio, it has pretty good sound for a clock radio.. Highly recommend for a simple, good looking, alarm clock radio.
Great flask, no leaks and cool leather American Flag cover. Bought this American Flag flask as a thank you gift for our neighbor. I was excited to get this cool flask w/the American Flag on it, but I was disappointed when I saw that they wrapped the leather w/the flag upside down... (this is the symbol for distress). The build quality of the flask and screw top are very good and the black American flag wrap is a subtle, yet eye catching and unique added detail. I ordered the flask for a gift for Valentine's Day and they absolutely love it! Solid flask for its price, ironic it has an American flag, but is made in China. It is t super high quality leather but hey, it’s a nice flask for under $20 I can't believe I bought a flask made in China with an American flag on it.
I don’t wear super thick socks with these boots and the fit is perfect! I ordered these boots 1/2 size more than what I usually wear because I wanted to wear them with extra heavy socks and they are perfect. These boots fit great and are comfortable to wear. Awesome boot, made well and durable, however I am normally a size 7 (with 90% of all other shoes) and had to order an entire size down to a 6 for these boots to fit The boots fit me about perfectly and I wear a 8-8.5. For some boots I even size up to 10 because I have wide feet but these fit me perfect and they feel durable and are definitely a good investment. Highly recommend the adjustable back - I'm able to wear comfortably wear thicker socks and can get in and out of the boots without a huge struggle. I love my rain boots they are good quality and warm, I can even wear the tall boot socks from UGG.
This remote does it all, the answer to consolidating many remotes to one easy to use remote. I like the easy internet application to program the remote and was easily able to transfer my activities from the previous Logitech remote to the new one. The remotes also have a smaller IR window on the back end of the remote where you can use your old remote to reassign commands from it to the Logitech. Everything worked the first time I set up the remote. I found this remote easy to program and use. Good remote for the price but prefer touchscreen one that Harmony offers which is a better quality remote! This is my 2nd Harmony remote, used for an additional setup. This is a replacement for a previous Logitech remote.
Love this corset i measured my waist at 32 my size on the chart was 28 but i ordered a 26 and it fits good. The corset seems to be sturdy & made with good quality but I ordered it too small, my waist is 30'. many compliments at work I love this corset can't wait to waist train down When ordering your corset, it helps to order 2 or three inches smaller than your actual waist size to allow for cinching. I bought this corset for waist training & I love it! This is a beautiful corset, fits well I ordered mine 4 inches smaller than my waist so I am a 32 and bought a 28, I chose to do 4 inches smaller so I don't have to squeeze too tight. I have a 38 natural waist and the 32 inch corset that I ordered fits me great and I will buy more corsets from True Corset. best corset by far, after a couple weeks ive already gone down a waist size.
I've never used an oil filled heater before: but I have lived in houses with radiant heat. This heater really heats up the room. Great small heater for efficient heating of a room. Provides even heat for a room. .doesnt roll smoothly ...the area were you are supposed to grab it is way to small and is too hot when heater is on...it should not get hot. I like that this heater is portable and you can move it to the room you need it in. Don't buy this heater, the thermostat doesn't work and there is no way to keep it at a constant temperature. Keep in mind that this is a more energy efficient way of heating with electricity, but doesn't provide the direct warmth that an osculating heater might, but mine sits by my desk and does the trick, and if left on does indeed heat my room to an uncomfortably warm temperature.
Touch screen laptop. Looking for a good performance every day/task laptop it is a nice computer. This Asus really is a piece of junk, it is not what I expected from Asus, after less than 2 years with this laptop multiple keys on the keyboard have stopped working, and from reading reviews on here and elsewhere this is a very common issue with this laptop. Not to mention the touch screen the laptop has. I have had this computer laptop for slightly over 2 years. I am very impressed with my new Asus laptop. DO NOT buy an ASUS laptop. the laptop is pretty good except the following problems.
It's nice camera for a good price. great camera at a great price!. Very nice camera and great price. For the price this is a pretty good camera. I love this camera and have taken many beautiful pictures with it! This is a very good camera. Good camera for the money. The price very low with the features this camera has.
Philips Norelco Nose Hair Trimmer is doing a great job shaving the beard and styling it, along with trimming the hair from ears and nose. The nose hair trimmer worked great for 3-4 times then does not work. I already own a circular cutting nose hair trimmer that works better than the Philips so I will not use this for trimming my nose hair. Everything works as advertised, and the attachments make it far more useful than a standard nose hair trimmer. Nose hair trimmer works great, and I use the clipper attachment to cut the hair around my dogs eyes. I don't use any of the trimmer attachments, but this works great in the nose, on the ears and eyebrows. Purchased and a short time after the nose hair trimmer attachment stopped working. however after only using it three times something inside the nose trimmer stopped working or broke and now I can not use it anymore.
These truly wireless Bluetooth ear buds are really quite amazing, they sound great.The quality of the sound is very good, and they get pretty loud. If you are looking for a great pair of ear buds with great sound at a great price, look no further. comfortable in the ear, really good sound quality. Great sound, sound as good as my beats ear buds. Really good fit in my ear, great sound and bass! Having no wires connecting the two earbuds, the sound quality and fit in the ear is awesome. Strong signal and amazing sound quality for a pair of Bluetooth wireless ear buds. Has a really nice feel to them and the sound quality is pretty good, the only thing I have noticed is that the sound sometimes will drop on one of the earbuds.
The camera was very easy to install and works great! My new wireless camera & monitor kit was easy to install and works great! Very easy to install, good quality camera, and reasonable price. The camera is easy to install. Camera was easy to install. A great back up camera at a great price Works well and the price is really good for the wireless camera and monitor Now my back up camera works GREAT!!
JUST RECEIVED ADJUSTABLE LAPTOP STAND YESTERDAY IT SIMPLE TO PUT TOGETHER AND AND WAS RUNNING IN 5 MINUTES THE PRICE IS EXCELLENT AND SHIPPING WAS RIGHT ON TIME LOVE THE CORD ORGANIZER IN THE BACK JUST WHAT I NEEDED FOR LITTLE HOME OFFICE I WAS LOOKING LAPTOP STAND THIS IS ONE HAS BETTER OFFER AND PRICE BROUGHT A ADJUSTABLE LAPTOP STAND AT SOME OFFICE STORE COUPLE OF YEARS AGO IT WAS NOT HAS NICE AS THIS ONE IF YOU LOOKING A REASONABLE ADJUSTABLE LAPTOP STAND THIS ONE SHOULD GET Great sturdy laptop stand. If you are looking for a stand to hold your laptop while you use a keyboard at home, this is great. This laptop stand is a really good quality, sturdy material. But once you set it up, the weight of the laptop makes this a nice, sturdy stand. This is a sturdy laptop stand. Great Adjustable laptop stand. I needed a laptop stand for my desk.
While this little fridge/freezer is a very nice size with a great capacity only the refrigerator works. Very quiet works great for an every day fridge freezer its the perfect size and I love the freezer fridge combination though, and it looks perfect in the space. Works great and has a lot of space in both the fridge and freezer. Wish it had more fridge capacity and the freezer were a little smaller but it cools perfectly and is relatively quiet. It's fridge is cold and freezer freezes like a full size. We needed a mini fridge with a separate freezer compartment with its own door. Freezer freezes well and fridge stays cold.
I had a Apple Watch and lost it so I tried the Fitbit Versa instead of replacing my Apple Watch. Fitbit app works great - the watch itself DOES NOT!! If you are looking for a smart watch with fitness tracking, look no further then the Fitbit Versa 2. What I don't like is that the fitbit versa 2 app does not always sink with the watch like it should. The Fitbit battery is so much better and has all of the features I used on the Apple Watch. The fitbit versa 2 I think is currently the best combination of health tracking and smart watch features. To be honest, I like the Fitbit Versa 2 special edition of health and fitness smart watch, I even bought a different style of bands for it, but used after 3 months I don't like it anymore,not because of the quality of the watch, but was disappointed by its software, a lot of upgrade software need to pay for, a bad mood... I feel the FitBit does a better job of tracking my steps/heart rate/etc over the Apple Watch.
I typically grill my onions and peppers on this, and grill my steak or chicken breast for Fajita's on my Lodge Cast Iron Grill. Heat the cast iron plate on the grill while you cook steaks or shrimp , anything you like then put it on the hot plate and enjoy. You should cook on any other cast iron pan and transfer your cooked food to this pan. I loved how hot it keeps your steak and how I put it on the grill while the steak grilled and cooked the peppers, onions and mushrooms on the cast iron pan. Cook up a steak or Greek fried cheese with the mini hot pad for the handle and a wooden base so you can serve in the hot pan like in a restaurant. I heat them in the oven to 500 and when I bring the steak in from the grill and we cut to serve we each have a heated cast iron skillet to serve it on. Very nice that is comes with the wooden trivet and handle holder as cast iron gets hot hot hot! Lodge LFSR3 Pre-Seasoned fajita pan and the Badia Fajita Seasoning, you get resturant quality fajitas at home.
So I received a defective mattress after 2 weeks of sending pictures back and forth with the Casper “ specialist” I’m still awaiting my new Mattress to arrive in the coming weeks that being said I’ve I’ve been sleeping in the defective mattress this whole time and I have to admit even though it’s defective I’m getting better sleep than with my old mattress I’m looking forward to sleep on the non defective mattress and I will post a review on that later This mattress is very comfortable when sleeping alone. Had a sleep number mattress before I got the Casper mattress and wow what a difference. We have been using our Casper king size mattress for four months and it is the most comfortable mattress I have ever laid on. I hope to get many years of good sleep from this mattress. I want to start off with before I purchased this bed I had been sleeping on this cheap spring mattress for about a year and I haven’t slept through the night in a very l My time. By far the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. Good mattress, comfortable and cool, would buy again.
This cover is very well made, easy to put on and completely covers my cart. The cover is so light and easy to put on the cart. This golf cart cover fit very well and is a good value for the price! Purchased the 4-person cover for my 2-person cart and it's a perfect fit for my needs -- easy to put on and take off and the elastic corners give it a tight fit so it won't blow off. I was also pleased to discover how easy it was for one person to put the cover on the cart as well as to take it off. Cover looks good good material Light weight It does not go all the way to The ground and cover wheels like the picture shows Just barely covers the body of my 1996 ezgo cart I wanted it to cover wheels Cover is very nice, fits Club Car cart well and protects it from the weather. Already have had this cover for about a year and has held up real well.we leave camp ground usually Sunday night and return Friday night and cover still in place like we left it.Its also very easy to put it on,I can do it by myself.So since the 4 seat cover has done such a good job just purchased another one for our 2 seat golf cart,I have no reason to believe that it will not hold up as well.
It is also great how light weight this lens is and how it really takes your pictures to the next level coming from using the standard 18-55mm lenses that come with the canon t6i. I was looking for an inexpensive Canon lens to give me a nice bokeh effect for my photos and this lens was perfect for that. Amazing lens for up close portraits and photos. Really great lens for the price, super lightweight and takes great photos. The lens is great but when it arrived had a piece of dust between the lens and made no photos to be taken bc it would not allow the camera to focus. I am not a professional in photography, but the pictures that this lens takes are really awesome. I am just beginning in photography but will say this about this lens, its a great buy for the money and a great lens for a beginner wanting to do some portraits like I am. I love this lens, sharp focus, great blur in the background, and LIGHTWEIGHT and a fantastic price!
I needed to punch some new holes in my leather belt cause I’m getting fat, this tool worked great. You can punch holes for numerous things such as belts, watch straps, anything that can take a hole punching from this tool. I made a belt for my wife, using this tool to punch the holes in thick real leather. I admit that this tool will not be used too often but when you really need something to punch holes on belt or something in leather, nothing can replace it. I have so many belts that I don’t wear bc there isn’t enough holes... what took me so long to buy a hole punch!!? I tried it out on an old leather belt first and it worked surprisingly well - left a clean hole and was very easy to punch. It makes perfect holes in vinyl, carpet, leather, or anything else you want to punch a true hole through in many different sizes. If you need to punch holes in leather, then this is the tool for it!
I did everything it said, and it worked perfectly to stretch out my shoes! This works great in all of the shoes that I have tried so far. This shoe stretcher did the trick and now it's like having 3 new pair of shoes and I didn't have to try to return or give them away. If you'll be using a shoe stretcher a lot & expect it to stretch specific spots on your shoes , do NOT get this item! We bought two of them to stretch some of our shoes and it's great I had several pair of shoes, mostly sandals that I couldn't wear because one shoe was too tight even though they were wide fit. They worked on the pair of shoes that I bought them for You need to purchase the oil to help stretch the shoes with this one, but I found another product that works on its on.
Install is easy and other than changing input on tv it works just like a roku tv set. I've cut off cable and gone to roku for all TV watching. This device has an HDMI cord and the Roku comes with a command strip so you can stick it to your TV so you can have one less item on the TV stand. My old flat TV works as a smart TV with Roku. I like this roku, so handy when Im watching tv in my room and i don't have cable. This is our Second Roku device as we needed it on another TV. Roku is fantastic works like a smart TV, if you don’t have a smart TV. The original ROKU just plugged into the HDMI port on the TV and worked well, I was not sure about this newer one that uses a cable between the ROKU unit and TV.
I want to drink everything out of a wine glass so that I can mark my cup with a cute cat. These cute curled up kitty wine glass markers are functional and adorable! Wife thought they were super cute and uses them on the wine glasses when guests come over. These little guys are so cute on the stems of wine glasses. These are so cute looking and are so much easier to attach to wine glasses than the usual wire kind. Very cute, clever wine markers. Cute kitties to hug your wine glass. These wine tags are so cute and I love them!
Fresh Wave odor removing gel works with my cats odors. This product seems to work really well,I love it so far...has a great fresh smell I love how this makes my house smell fresh and clean, but not like anything. I own a dog, and my room always tend to have that particular dog smell, so I got fresh wave following the Past reviews of this product and I still don’t understand how it really works but there’s no more odors, is gone, so 5 stars for this product. It absorbs odors and leaves a fresh non chemical odor. Makes house smell fresh all of the time. Very clean smell.I put containers all over the house and the air smells fresh and clean. As soon as the product is opened the fresh smell just seems to go to work.
Very easy to put together, can use as either hand truck or flat cart with the four wheels. Although the dolly wheels are relatively heavy duty, the swivel wheels for the cart are cheap plastic and easily buckled with less then 100 pounds on the cart. What I dislike about the dolly is that the 2 front wheels do not move freely and doesn't move at all. The replacement Hand truck that I received today was also missing assembly parts to attach wheels was more then disappointed because the boxes are heavy and it was not easy for me to bring it back to UPS for return to Amazon. Best portable, super strong dolly/hand truck/cart I've found. I was happy to find a hand truck with solid wheels. A nice light weight helper to move heavy objects around the house, very sturdy hand truck. this dolly has wheels that worked smooth and havy thing made light enough for me to move.
i put hot water, and it gets little bit coffee in container, after 15 pumps start drip coffee but it was not espresso, it was like a cold drip coffee. Everything you need (beside the hot water and coffee) to make and enjoy your espresso. Use it almost every day, great for shots of espresso added to coffee from my homw coffee maker. very convenient way for espresso lover who are used to their own coffee taste and like to enjoy the same experience while away from home without the hassle of looking a descent coffee shop , it's small compact and portable and easy to use , i like it very much This cute portable espresso machine is so easy to use and clean, great for traveling or fast coffee making in the morning. Not only does this make a nice little cup of espresso, it uses minimal water and coffee. I've been using espresso size coffee. It is a bit of a pain to clean out after every shot but it still is a really cool little device that makes decent espresso
Probably the best face wash I've used as it doesn't leave my skin over dry, it leaves it nice and matted (I have oily skin), and my pores cleaned and tight, and skin feeling smooth. Skin feels so smooth with this face wash. my skin looks and feels SO clean with this product! With that being said, for the price and the way my skin feels I'm willing to keep trying the product. My skin is amazing thanks to this product. It's a good cleanser if you have oily skin, but if you have dry skin, it will not be good for you. Love the way it makes my skin feel. I have oily skin and this wash gets rid of the oil and doesn't over dry my skin.
Previously had a HD plasma TV with a great picture but recently needed to get a TV with WiFi, so bought the Samsung QLED TV, Was concerned that the picture you see in the store is a very high resolution feed so the picture is better than when you get it home, that was not the case. Best picture quality I have seen in a 4K TV. This TV has a great picture. The picture quality of this TV is fantastic! Great TV, beautiful picture. This tv turns on in less then a second, amazing picture quality and smart features. TV picture quality is awesome and is perfect for a room with lots of light from windows. That being said, I did a lot of research & this tv in particular, the 2018 model, has more performance than the 2019 and at least so far, the first Samsung tv of 2020.
She has a very small kitchen, and this fit perfectly into the space for which we purchased the rack. Sturdy, easy to put together, and very attractive, this baker's rack gives me so much extra space in my kitchen. I put it together on my own and it looks great in my kitchen. Great cart, very sturdy, large wheels are extra stable, perfect as an extra work area, or for moving several items from one part of the kitchen to the other. It's sturdy and fits perfectly in my kitchen. Bought this cart to give my mom some extra space in her small kitchen. I have very limited kitchen space and this cart provided both the added storage and counter space that I was looking for. I have a small kitchen, and I love how easy it is to move the cart out of the way when needed.
I love my assault bike its an awesome bike that offers a full body workout. The bike is easy to assemble (under 30 minutes, and I was taking my time about it). Very easy to put together and love the bike. This bike will definitely give you a workout. I got on this bike thinking it was going to be easy and not really give me a workout. This air bike was very easy to assemble. The bike is great so far except the tools to assemble are not strong enough to use on the bike to tighten things up when they get loose. High quality bike, easy to assemble and my gym members love it.
So small, my laptop and mouse will not fit on lap desk together. It has been my first laptop in years... so a lap desk was definitely needed! I write long hours on my laptop in a recliner and couldn't do my job without this lap desk. THIS LAP DESK WAS A GIVE FOR MY 70 YR MOTHER WHO JUST GOT A NEW LAPTOP..FITS FINE WITH WIRELESS MOUSE. Gets old sitting at your desk all the time and with this is really helps if you just want to relax with your laptop on your lap. Good lap holder/cushion for your laptop and comfortable as well. It is very convenient and the perfect size for my lap and my laptop. This little lap desk is perfect for my laptop and to color my adult coloring books.
We were able to move all the furniture in our house with these straps. If you are looking for moving straps to carry heavy items in the house, rather it’s on stairs or what not, these moving straps you are the ones should get! If you are moving heavy furniture and / or appliances, these straps will definitely come in handy. These straps are a MUST have for moving heavy items. All these items were extremely heavy and without these straps, it would have been almost impossible to move with two guys. Two people could easily move it with these straps. Now every time we need to move something she wants to know where the straps are. Everyone makes fun of me when I come over to help them move and I whip the straps out... that is until we move a washer/dryer with ease.
Macro is sharp, lens so fast. Great lens for macro photos or portraits. This lens isn't just the best Macro Canon has to offer, it can also be used for a great telephoto. this macro lens is perfect for what I do!....I love the way it handles, and it does what it is supposed to do, this lens also duo's as a medium-telephoto lens for normal photography (such as portraits!) I have only taken it out once but the lens produced fantastic macro shots and the build quality is great. I love the fact that it's a sharp walk-around lens as well as a macro. Now again, I'm not a professional but even I can compare sharpness when compared to the kit lens and the macro lens. I know the lens is designated as a "macro" lens, but it takes great portraits.
It's great if a WIFI router to go with your router or modem. We have 80mb speed and get ~70mb wifi, but ~10mb through this router! However as a WiFi router the device did not work at all. Good spec WIFI router but you will need a working router/modem New router came with old firmware (dropping WiFi). I will never buy another linksys router again. This router was very simple to set up, cascaded from another linksys router. I brought this router to use as a VPN router, the router works a treat and with the simple instructions from Express VPN, there firmware makes the router very easy to change location etc.
good printer print fast, duplex system working great for printing. Ink cost, ability to fax and two sided printing makes this a great home office printer. Seems to be a good printer that is running well with very rare paper jams (once), prints two-sided, fax, print, scan, copy, etc. My daughter has a Canon printer and prefers to use the Epson for her printing needs. Also, I'm happy to report that you can use aftermarket ink with this Epson printer. I bought the printer so I could directly print from my iPad and iPhone and I'm so glad I did. By the way if you dont own a printer or scanner please do yourself a favor and kill 2 birds with one stone with fast and clear printing solution that this Epson provides. Late model HP bit the dust, overpriced print cartridges, terrible printer so we bought this one - love it.
Love great fit and very comfortable shoe. Fits true to size, very comfortable and a good looking shoe. I totally recommend to get this shoe it's really comfortable and the color is amazing. Saucony running shoes worked for me for years but I didn't want to spend well over $100 for a walking shoe. I love these shoes an the colors look so good an they are really comfortable "" The shoe fits very well "" , I am probably going to buy another pair very soon . Overall, I want to say these shoes fit great and are incredibly comfortable. Still nice shoes and comfortable.
It was very easy to put up (even for people who had never put up a canopy tent before). Extremely easy to set up, nice and sturdy; great canopy for the beach The canopy is relatively easy to set up; you definitely need 2 people as is recommended for the set up. There is nothing easy about this canopy It takes two people struggling to get it set up Recommend to folks who will not have to set it up by themselves. This canopy is sturdy and easy to set up. I am very impressed with the canopy which is well made, sturdy, and easy to put up. A nice canopy & very easy to set up. The canopy works well and is easy to set up.
After using whitening strips, I soon learned if I brush my teeth first with this toothpaste, I avoid the sensitivity that often comes. The most important is this toothpaste works for my sensitive teeth. I felt that some of the whitening toothpaste out there are always sanding down your teeth? The best toothpaste for sensitive teeth! It’s weird but this toothpaste made my teeth extra sensitive. This toothpaste is amazing for sensitive teeth. I have no idea what is in this toothpaste, but it makes your teeth REALLY white. My teeth do hurt at times brushing with this toothpaste.
I purchased my Almond router initially because I thought I needed it with my new internet service, but the service came with a router, but the signal would not reach the computer in my bedroom, so I connected my Almond as a range extender, and I love it! I would recommend this product if you need a range extender but for a router go for the Almond + Once setup, the "almond" signal from the range extender improved 30-50%., even works good in backyard. You can either use it as a WiFi Router OR a Range Extender, NOT a WiFi Router with Extended Range capability. This unit is extremely easy to set up as a range extender for your router. Love this router very stable for a house full of wifi devices and easy to use setup was quick an easy. Working well as an range extender to a new Almond+ router installation. Excellent router extender, easy to set up and use.
I also wear three other pair of Danner boots for work. I also have and wear a pair of 453 Danner boots. If I am going to pay 160.00 for a pair of boots they should come out of the box comfortable. I have been wearing these boots at work for a little over 2 months now, and with out a doubt these boots are the best every day, non steel toe work boot I have ever worn, they fit great out of the box, have excellent traction and support and are built really well to top it off. I would highly recommend these boots to anybody who is looking for a comfortable pair of work boots or even if you are just looking for a daily pair to wear. My last 3 pair of boots are Danner's they feel good right out of the box and will wear better. 3rd pair, Overall good boots, like others have said, the soles wear fast. I have not worn a pair of Danner boots in about 15 years.
She is the size of a small adult, and this bean bag is BIG for her, but she loves it. My 7 year old loves this bean bag! My daughter loves this bean bag chair. My son loves this bean bag chair...and i do too. Nice, big bag. What a great big, well made bean bag chair. Love the color, size, material and workmanship of this bean bag chair. I really like this bean bag chair AND it is really FULL of "beans".
This is the best product that I have bought to clean my glass top stove looks brand new after each clean! This glass stove top cleaner works great. Great product for cleaning a glass top stove. My glass top stove looks brand new after using this cleaner and it is very easy and quick! Glass cleaner Works really good on the glass top stove. This product did a great job on my glass top stove. Its the ONLY cleaner that cleans my glass stove top perfectly. If you have a glass top stove this is a product to buy.
Good EZ POP UP Canopy tent to set up, looks attractive. Easy to set up and the quality is great. The canopy set up nicely at home on our practice run but the wind at the beach was too much for it. TENT BROKE AS SOON AS WE TRIED TO SET IT UP. Set up and take down easy but broke after one use. We used it 4 days camping and rain came through one day and our canopy was destroyed. Easy to set up and so far works very nice. First windy big day (30mph) that i had to use the canopy, it broke.
Works well as a thermostat and is easy to install. This LUX model TX5000U thermostat worked as expected for over a year, then failed with incorrect low battery warning and not turning off cooling even when actual temp was below AC/cooling set point. Easy to install in the old holes for the screws or new holes can be made if not replacing a Lux thermostat. This thermostat is easy to install and easy to use. Seems to be a TX500U issue since the other, much older, Lux thermostat still works great. I was given a LUX programmable thermostat 18 years ago by the gas man giving a annual check up, it worked flawless for 18 years. I put several sets of new batteries in (Energizers and other brands) and the thermostat says all the batteries are low. Thermostat shows low battery even with new fresh from the store Energizer batteries.
It really does work on your finger strength and keeps your hands and fingers working as you age. Gripmaster medium tension fits my small hand allowing easy use for whole hand press and individual fingers to build strength. This device is what I need to exercise my fingers and restore my finger strength. it's for finger strength, most people are looking for an actual hand grip. Bought this to strengthen my overall hand strength and help my ring finger on my left hand. I recently had surgery on the fingers of both hands and use it to increase my finger strength and dexterity. I like that you can use your finger tips, finger pads or wrap your fingers around it in a grip style squeeze for whole hand strength. If you are looking to build finger strength, you place the tip of your fingers on each key.
Nothing has given me better coverage for my under eye circles and lines than this concealer. I have very sensitive under eye skin and this concealer doesn’t irritate it at all, I love the coverage and the color hazelnut is great for dark neutral skin. The light color concealer covers every blemish and any dark circles under the eyes so nicely. I'm new to concealer but I've tried maybe 4-5 brands in the last year, trying to cover up the circles under my eyes. I have very dark circles and this is the only concealer that hides the puffiness and the dark circles without having to add a bunch of other concealers to cover the color this is absolutely perfect for my skin color I've got the color neutralizer It is too bad because the concealer is light weight and covers dark circles, I will not buy again because of the tube it comes in, I have strong dark circles under my eyes and sensitive skin (I have eczema since I was born), this concealer is wonderful! Finally I've found a good drugstore concealer that covers my dark circles without looking fake or needing to layer with other makeup.
These Headphones are super comfortable and the Sound quality is really good. My own headphones cost £90 and they are better sound quality, have noise cancellation and better sound quality. Good quality headphones, sound is excellent and the battery life is good. These are comfortable headphones that look and sound great. I'm glad with my purchase and the sound quality of these headphones. Good quality headphones, nice deep sound. I've had these headphones for a few months - the sound quality is fantastic. In short these sound great and are very comfortable headphones.
It also has an amazing battery life and also really great speakers for a tablet. Battery doesn't hold a charge after only two months of using the tablet, have to keep it plugged in to operate. I love my lenovo tablet very awesome pretty fast and perfect and has a beautiful display just love it Screen quality is very good for the price of the tablet. My girlfriend use this tablet everyday to watch Netflix, read books, etc.. great performance and long Life battery Great tablet, love the kickstand and 18 hours battery. Great battery life, but with each and every new upgrade, my tablet gets slower and more unstable. Only complaint is that I chose this tablet because of the long battery life it claimed.
We luv the ftozip bags to make adult frozen pops and the funnel is amazing makes the bags so easy to fill will differenly be ordering more! They're a little difficult to fill, even with the funnel, but so much fun for the kids to help make yogurt pops that they'll actually want to eat. These bags are a good size, easy to fill (with the included funnel), and overall a quality product. These little bags are great, they are a good large size for pops and really easy to open once frozen, loved them and would definitely buy them again. These worked perfectly for making popsicles at home, and the funnel made them easy to fill! The bags come with a funnel that's easy to store and it really helps fill the bags without mess. They are perfect, I wanted to make popsicles with my family for a long time and I had not found suitable bags, these are easy to use, close well, nothing spills and the funnel makes everything easier. These pop bags are great & easy to fill with the funnel that comes with the set.
Very bright, with the battery separate from the light it makes for a very secure mount for the light and quick removal of the battery for charging. I use my bike everyday and I ride at night, the light works great, it is bright and worth so far the money I paid for it, the battery holds a good charge as well! I love this light it is very bright and the the battery life is great!!! The light itself is super bright and is all you need to light up the trails. This is really bright light, it has a more focused beam than my other bike light so I use this on my bike Helmet Honestly the light is bright and has a good battery. The battery and the light are very well made! Great light very bright.
Love these wood bed lifters, I would recommend, and will buy them again if I need them for another bed. I bought a day bed with a trundle, and the mattress that I purchased for the trundle was to thick to fit beneath the main bed, so I purchased the Wood Bed Risers to raise up the bed. They are the perfect color and work great with my bed.. Really happy i bought them These bed lifters worked perfectly to raise my bed so that I could put containers under my bed. They are nice and solid and the bed is sturdy while using them. I needed bed risers to raise the head of my bed 3" for a medical problem. These are so much nicer than the black plastic versions..not as high, they raise the bed enough to make the space under the bed usable, the make it easier for these old hips to get in and out of bed..the wood is well stained and a nice color.. Do that to make sure this product will work for your bed before you buy these.
Yes good battery and lightweight but just better off getting a real laptop not a chromebook. The Acer chromebook is the only computer I would use for my internet work. If you are thinking of getting a Google Chromebook this is the laptop to purchase. I bought this Chromebook to replace a 15.6 inch screen Windows laptop which I was using to surf the web and stream videos with, it was a beast! The laptop works great, turns on quickly, and feels well built however the problem for me is that its a Chromebook. The computer he had been using was somewhat of a dinosaur, so when he started using the Acer Chromebook 14, it was like a dream. This is a great laptop Chromebook. In my opinion, this is the best value buy for a computer let alone a chromebook.
I love this hair mask. Love my hair after using it. I love this hair mask and use it every time I wash my hair. I have balayage hair (and long hair) so I need a good conditioner to keep my hair looking healthy and soft. Love this hair mask I try and put it on twice a week to help my colored hair I notice it gives my hair more volume and leaves my hair very soft. Great hair mask. I have very long hair & use many different products, this is the best. Smells so good and makes my hair feel amazing.
The tv does not capture all the over the air channels that my other tv does even using the same antenna. YOU HAVE TO ADJUST ANTENNA WHEN YOU CHANGE CHANNELS I WANTED A TV THAT WORKED BY BATTERY. I bought this tv to use with a home antenna. This is an amazing little tv..i got this for my tool box at work i bought a bigger antenna an it gets about 40 channels Nice little tv, good picture and reception. Now the TV doesn't work anymore with the other antenna I bought. Great picture and sound for a little tv. Lost Volume recently don't know how to fix can't figure out remote tv was good with 🐜 antenna 20 channels
Really nice bookcase, sturdy and nice looking solid wood shelves. High end looking wood shelves and VERY easy to put together! This was super easy to put together (think it took about ten minutes total) and I was surprised by how beautiful the wood shelves are. Very nice desk, sturdy, easy to put together, and looks great. Finish is good for the price and love the wood shelves and industrial look. This shelf is really good quality, easy to put together, and sturdy. the shelves are beautiful and were easy to put together....love them.. Its sturdy, looks really nice and was easy to put together.
Very nice table, doesn't really look like wood, but all in all a great piece of furniture for the price. Beautiful piece for the price, easy to assemble. I gave it four stars because it is a nice, heavy piece of furniture especially for the price. Beautiful and sturdy piece of furniture, after my husband sorted through what seemed like 5000 pieces. Otherwise, it is a beautiful piece of furniture and really brings everything in my dining room together. Great piece of furniture that fits perfectly in my dining room. A beautiful piece of furniture for the money This is a beautiful piece, however a lot to assemble.
This seems like a great camera and I love all my other arlo cameras. The Arlo Q plus is a excellent camera with 1080p picture, What I like it about it's easy to setup and the installation process is easy, I really love the crisp and sharp picture and video, it's has excellent night vision and the camera quality is great! Arlo q plus is a nice good quality camera and very easy to set up. If you want a camera that can connect to Arlo you need to buy the normal camera + long cable + base. I already own the Arlo Pro wireless camera system and added this camera to my system. The Arlo camera works great. I highly recommend this camera and the ARLO brand to anyone seeking an affordable, reliable, and quality picture/sound camera device. This is my 10th Arlo Q camera, they are great.
Bought the Kasa Smart WiFi Plug to use with Alexa echo. I have other smart plugs and none required me to download their app to setup and sync plug with amazon alexa. This smart plug works through my cell phone (using the Kasa app)...or it can be operated through Alexa. Smart Plug works great turning off our light in living room just tell Alexa to turn on or off and it does probably other things you can use this for. You just plug your lamp into this plug and then via the app give Alexa control. Kasa Smart WiFi Plug Mini by TP-Link It’s awesome I can turn on the light remotely from another State in my living room or you can ask Alexa remotely to turn it on for you. This plug is extremely easy to set up to both your wifi and then to your Alexa device. If you are planning on using the Kasa Smart plug with Alexa i recommend using another product.
Best T bar for any rack 100% works no matter what. I love the 1" bar feature and it fits onto my squat rack perfectly. Great product at a great price. I bought this for my home gym and attached it to my dumbbell rack. Works great and I can do so much more now for back work. Fit under the bottom bar of my squat rack. Still works great! Works great.
Nice monitor, it's got a good screen. One issue, for me, the monitor speakers make a very annoying hissing sound when there is a lot of white on the screen. I replaced my Apple Thunderbolt Display with this Acer monitor. Beautiful monitor, however I have one single dead pixel near the center of the screen. The Acer B276HUL is a good monitor - for the money, it works well. The problem is Acer does not allow the monitor to display higher resolutions than 1920x1080 for HDMI or DVI. most of the time it doesnt work i bought a new display port cable and it still didnt work right and i even bought a new gpu and it still doesnt work right :/ , just save up for a new monitor You can take your chances but I'm never buying a monitor from Acer online.
Would definitely recommend this computer to anyone buying a pc for the first time. For anyone looking for a gaming PC that can run the newest games and probably upcoming ones too, this computer is all you need I have used this computer for a little over 2 months and i have to say it the best pc i have ever owned. This computer is my first gaming PC and I haven't regretted my choice! Love this computer, running a 2 pc setup for streaming and this computer is doing the job like I imagine, love it and looks awwesome I love the whole computer, it's the perfect package even for someone who has experience gaming or someone who has never gamed on PC. To upgrade from a small 840m integrated graphics laptop to a GTX 1070 beast, this computer is great for gaming on high-ultra settings at 1080p at 60FPS or higher, is also a great PC for video editing and 3D modeling, you can get just about everything done with this computer. If you're spending over a grand on a PC tower, spend it on one that's already a COMPLETE COMPUTER.
We love the color and picture of our new Sony tv. The picture quality on this TV is amazing. This TV has excellent picture quality. Excellent picture quality and a nice looking TV. The best feature for this TV, of course, is the picture quality. Everyone else buy this TV and enjoy the amazing picture quality. This model is the only tv I’ve ever had the picture was almost perfect out of the box. Loves the picture on this TV.
Glad I bought this lunch bag, plenty of room, keeps food and drinks cold with ice pack of course. The bag is made of a sturdy material and it kept my food cold for a longer time than my old lunch bag. Large, insulated lunch box with two compartments to separate hot food from cold. Lots of space, love the side compartments and separate top and bottom for cold and dry lunch stuff. I love the size...it's perfect for my daily lunch for work ...the two different compartments allow for cold storage in one and room temp in other I was looking for a lunch bag... you can pack enough food for three people in this bag. Well I was looking for a lunch bag for my husband and if you're looking for a size the medium size is also too big to have so I will suggest if you want to go out and want to have a ice bag you can go for this Has a top and bottom compartment to store lots of different lunch containers or food items.
the vortex optics ranger 1500 rangefinder is a great addition to my hunting arsenal of products to have a great experience! The Vortex is great for the price and it will make a great "hunting" rangefinder. Vortex Hands down, delivers the best quality Glass: Clear and lets a ton of light in Display: Red (Adjustable) easy to see Functions: Easy to change modes Angle: Works great adjusting for angle Scan Mode: Works flawless every time This is the Rangefinder you've been looking for! This is my second vortex range finder. Vortex make affordable products that seem to work very well, although i haven't had to call them either on the range finder or the scope i bought. Was supposed to work to 1500 yards , accurate to 1000 ( as a manufacturer says) but I couldn't range over 700 yard. This Vortex was able to pick up metal targets to about 800 yards. So happy with this range finder I’ve had nikons and leupolds the vortex ranger blows them away very clear and great field of view
Great gloves, seems a little big for my 5 year old, but the other boys fit fine. I purchased this for my three year old but the gloves also fit me . My son is an average sized 2 1/2 year old and these gloves fit him just fine. For the price is not bad, very good material, excellent gloves, my little son loves! My 9 year old said they don't fit, I don't know how these kind of gloves are suppose to fit a way. My son loves the gloves and he said also are so comfortable and soft! My son (3 years old) LOVES his boxing gloves. My 5 year old loves this boxing gloves.
The Olfa knife has super sharp blades and I can adjust as much blade out as any task requires. Pretty much the best razor blade knife out there. Most utility blades do not hold the blade firmly, or do not allow precise adjustment of how much blade is sticking out. Heavy duty snap blade knife. Also this knife is great for cutting corners as you can extend the blade quite far to let it flex. Great knife for cutting artboard and paper, snapping off a portion of the blade is much easier than reloading a blade in an exacto knife. It's very sharp, light weight, and fits ergonomically in the hand, but I was expecting to be able to open and close the blade with one hand while holding the knife, like a carpenter's knife. Feels great to hold, and the blade that comes with it is super sharp, much sharper than the Stanley replacement blades I ordered.
Works great i love it , installation was fast and easy the dash camera looks great as well as the back camera , recommend to anyone looking for a back up camera The only issue that we have had is that the rear camera for one of the sets (they come with the screen, a front camera, a back camera, plus the wires to install them) does not provide a good picture. It’s a great dash cam, supper easy to install, great picture and awesome wide screen right at your rear view mirror, reverse camera works great. Camera quality is great, and if you also install the rear camera it’s amazing. But this one is by far the best the backup cam doesn't have very good night vision in pitch Black but as long as there is light around it's great, screen works just like your mirror but what's really awesome is that you can drive down the road with your rear camera on that's actually better than a mirror, just remember you have to drive not stare at the camera! The rear camera is better quality then the backup camera that came with the car. I really like the camera easy to install and I do highly recommend to buy again to any one out there shopping for A back up camera for a car, its got a back up camera kit included for the price you can not beat this. I ordered this camera for its dual front and back mirror since my car does not have a back facing camera.
I really love most of the colors, but given the set up of the palette it can be difficult to decide which colors to pair together. love the colors, will be getting another palette of colors Love the colors and its look good with my eye color. The palette has great colors for all skin types and you can use the colors in any combination you can think of. I love the colors of this palette. I love all the colors with this palette! I love the colors in this palette. Some of the colors are not very pigmented but other than that it is a good palette
First time scroll saw user love this machine does great work very cheap price excellent quality use it all the time making signs and wood projects. This is an excellent saw my first time using a scroll saw and felt very comfortable, the only thing I dont like is how hard it is to use painless blades. Haven't used a scroll saw in years, found WEN saw easy to use and does a nice job for the small jobs I've done/to do. Works great, blades are easy to change out. Works great easy to use. Easy to get started, blade replacement is super easy. Blade is easy to change and the saw is light & compact and easy to move to a shelf for storage. If you are looking for a scroll saw for small projects such as mine, this is a great scroll saw at a great price.
I just got this mask and I love, it's comfortable, no fog, and the lens are clear. The mask fits great didn't fog up. This mask works awesome and its super light and i recommend it to anyone. This is the best mask you can ever get it is a lot of money but when you get it you will be so pleased with your purchase and it is also amazing for airsoft BUY THIS MASK My Dye mask has worked fantastically, no fogging in this mask where my last "fogless" goggles fogged constantly. Great mask, recommend to anyone with small face! The mask has an amazing color and covers the face perfectly. Mask won't fog up, but watch out getting shot in the mouth!
Going on a trip and needed a bag . Quality of bag is very sturdy! Bag seems to be very well made. Well made bag. When you need a super bag for limited size travel, this bag has it all! But over all a great bag for the right price. This bag has a lot of functions and I love the bag because I can carry so much with me. This bag has a lot of room.
If you need a nice stable squat rack and pull up bar, this is right for you.It can handle a good amount of weight and is easy to assemble. There may be more solid pull up bars out there, but for this price, this rack is a good deal. Solid squat rack and pull up bar. This is a great Squat rack/Pull up bar! Holds pretty sturdy when I did pull ups without any weight anchoring the rack down. I ordered this rack just for the pull up bar, with the price at about $80 it is an absolute steal. I weigh 230 for pull ups and rack weight up to 315 it's does a great job. I had to use my own tools but all in all this rack is very easy to assemble and it is really sturdy.
I purchased this cream because of my extremely dry skin on my feet. This is the only cream that actually works on my feet. This cream works for my feet. I have been using this cream and it seems to be keeping my feet from being so dry. This is the best foot cream I have ever used to keep my feet smooth and soft. Great cream for cracked feet. I tried this cream and in just few days my feet were soft again. I love this cream for my feet.
I LOVE this oil, from the smell to the feel on my skin. I love this oil Very good looking skin after using this product I like the smell and the skin feeling after using the oil. It smells nice and the oil makes the skin smooth and soft. The oil has a very good smell and moisturizes my skin well. This oil has a nice smell and moisturizes my skin very well. I have been using this oil for years and my skin seems to like it. I like how this oil makes my skin feel.
Just beware - once you sleep on this mattress, you may not want to get out of bed easily. After many months of sleep on this mattress I can say it is still very firm, for me that is great and I love it. I was looking for new mattress for my bed. It is a really nice mattress firm support that,I wanted well made slept on it last night a little chemical smell but gone this morning.This mattress is heavy so you may need help to get it in your house.Love it and the pillow that came with it. I bought an adjustable bed and needed a mattress. This mattress is pretty firm and was really nice for me to sleep on. I first purchase a mattress back in 2015 which we love and it is still firm to this day. The bed is very comfortable, a little too firm for my husband, so we purchased a mattress topper for a little more softness, it's great now.
The computer is a good budget gaming PC. The computer was fine as a gaming PC for my teenage son. If you're looking for a computer that won't cost an arm and leg and will still run like a true gaming pc I would recommend it. For full disclosure, I did not purchase this computer as a gaming pc. You get more than your moneys worth with this PC and i would 100% recommend this computer to anyone looking for a new gaming PC! When I first started using the PC it was a great computer. Awesome gaming computer, wicked fast on high graphics games. I bought this pc for gaming and it runs every game I play perfect.
I wear compression socks daily because they normally make my legs feel great. I love compression socks, my legs feel great wearing them. She has been wearing compression socks for three years now for swelling in her legs. He has bad swelling in his legs and feet and compression socks were suggested for him. They are definitely compression socks but they fit a little large for someone with thin legs. My mom needs compression socks to keep her legs from swelling. This is my first time purchasing any compression socks so I don't have anything to compare them to but I can tell you that I have been amazed by how much better my feet, ankles, and legs feel at the end of the work day. I work in retail and am on my feet all day long and these compression socks have made a noticeable difference in how my legs feel by the end of my shift.
The Philip hue go is it great little portable light made very premium.. battery life is not bad it lasted a few hours.. very bright beautiful rainbow colors..very good gadget I haven't went to have visitors in the living room so I could use those lights and turn off the main lights I’ve been looking for a portable, battery operated light and this is perfect since I already use Philips Hue on most of my lights. Love this light. I love this light. Again, love this light Love this light!!! I love this light! I love this light.
The chair is very sturdy, easy to put together and clients have said that it's very comfortable! I bought the New Massage Table Bed Chair Beauty Barber Chair Facial Tattoo Chair Salon Equipment Includes Stool in December 2010.When the pakage came to my house, the stool was broken. The table and chair are great! At first I was worried about how sturdy this chair was going to be, but after it was all put together it has turned out to be very sturdy. Great chair very sturdy and comfortable clients just seem to relax in it as I'm tattooing! good quality chair and stool This is a good buy super nice chair , easy to put together makes a really good tattoo chair very very happy! Its just okay...this bed is not so good quality..the little chair is good tho.
The Netgear Nighthawk X4S wifi cable modem router (c7800) is fast, reliable, and fills my entire house with a strong wifi signal. However, the NETGEAR Nighthawk Cable Modem WiFi 6 Router Combo (CAX80) is the best one I have ever had, hands down! I ordered that modem, but was advertised as up to 2gps wifi speed which is wrong, I made speed test with Lan connected cable it hit to 600mps, and wifi speed did not pass 175mps, I called customer service of Netgear, :) they told me to call COX customer service, what can they with my router wifi speed, their modem getting 600mps rate but giving only 175mps. The NETGEAR Nighthawk Cable Modem WiFi 6 Router Combo (CAX80) software is absolutely awesome! My Netgear modem/router is a great product! Having a 300mb internet speed from Xfinity was able to receive only 220-230mb with wired connection and wifi was around 110-140mb Spend two hours with Xfinity and Netgear support team and they told me that there is some issue with the modem/router and it will be better to returned it back to Amazon. This Netgear Nighthawk modem router CAX80 was very easy to set up. I just installed the Netgear CAX80 modem/router and it works fine.
I use YouTube workout videos (Pilates Ring Workouts) and found the ring adds variety to my routine, while giving options to work on core, legs, abs, arms. During PT, my therapist occasionally adds the Pilates Ring to certain exercises. This pilates ring works, especially to activate the inner thigh muscle which is so difficult to exercise. It came with a great little bag( picture #3) to carry it in or just to store it.this was my first time buying and using a Pilates ring, but I’m super happy with this product and the price was very reasonable. I'm really missing my Reformer Class, but using the Pilates Ring helps me to complete the exercises I have found online. I love how sturdy the pilates ring. I'm very pleased with my purchase and the ProBody Pilates Ring is a welcome addition to my exercise routine! I love this Pilates Ring and am so happy I added it to my home gym.
