I am very happy with this shower cap!	It does disappear after a week or two though.	Too small.	I opened the package and this shower cap smells SO BAD.	Tried pinning it up different ways or find a way to tighten it.	I love this product.	I am pretty, but with a shower cap on, feel like my pretty grandmother.	I have a very small head (small hats fall down to my eyes) and
Also works great with a LIFX color changing light bulb that you can control with your smartphone.	Also the right height to hide in a corner.	I honestly feel embarrassed having something this tacky in my house.	Absolutely love these!	It USA but short than I expected.	Love the look and easy to put together.	Not a floor lamp, u less you live in a hobbit house.	Not a full size lamp.	These two lamps
I bought the 18-55 and the 55-200 lenses to go with this.	Great for everything with the possible exception of fast action sports.	I got the 35mm f2 lense and put the kit lense away.	It is an amazing camera.	Fantastic color rendition, especially for people.	You need to think to use this camera, but not cumbersome.	I absolutely loved this camera.	We are retired and traveling the country in our RV, taking thousands of
I was never a big apple eater because I hate the skin.	I was very happy with it.	I made a apple pie today and used this to peel and slice the apples.	Made peeling apples a joy at light speed.	I make my own baby food at home, and this helps me reduce my work from 20-25 minutes to literally 5 minutes.	I set it up in no time and before I knew it,
I bought this for my 13 year old grandson's birthday.	It works great.	It only took me 20 min to assemble.	We've used for days now and are not disappointed.	I would certainly recommend this product.	It took less than an hour to setup by myself.	When throwing a baseball firmly at 18-20", the ball barely makes the return distance.	We have gone through a few rebound nets for my daughter and have never been
Warm dry feet with great protection.	Too bad, they seemed nice.	I have not tested in bad weather yet thougj.	Very comfortable.	Very comfortable boot.	Great boot, but ORDER A FULL SIZE LARGER THAN USUAL.	Feet are ALWAYS toasty warm and dry.	Like most KEENS the footbed is very present, giving your foot and arch a snug fit.	For a winter hiking boot, that omission seems odd.	What is nice about this Keen Boot is
It is the most versatile gill I have ever owned.	I have a big, professional, $700 grill at home and I like this one better.	Had this grill less than a year, used it on the beach maybe 6 times ...it looks like 5 years old or more.	WILL BURN EVERYTHING ON THE OUTSIDE, WHILE LEAVING THE INSIDE RAW.	I am SUPER excited to use it.	I appreciate your worry free shopping, ordering, shipping and
Bought this for my hubs.	it is a big watch but its great, i get compliments on it all the time.	I was unsure about the size and amount of gold but I love this thing.	I like the size, weight and the look of this watch.	get lots of compliments when wearing it!	I love the watch and have since bought another in a different color.	Well made, timeless, good looking watch!	Very stylish
Microwave only lasted a little over a year I don't reccomend this microwave	It does a lot of different things different than most microwaves.	Previously, our microwaves lasted many years.	Our last microwave lasted 10+ years.	Apparently the gear box that turns the plate was having a binding issue.	I have a little variation though: instead of the infamous E5 error I have an E6.	It had many useful extra features that saved us time.
It also acts as a great primer.	For a few minutes later I can see my face shiny in the mirror.	It might be a isolated incident.	Do note it does say in product description it leaves a light chalk feel.	It is by far the best primer I have ever used.	Great product!!!	I thought this La Roche product had Mexoryl, a sun screen compound.	My favorite sunscreen, and I also use it in
different parts in a bag?	I read some reviews that the shower head was making a lot of noise.	It looks great, works well.	I like the fact that the main head is stationary and the second head you can remove to spray the walls etc It does lose a bit of pressure if you use both at once.	I have the fixed shower head with lights, and the hand held with lights and they
Bottom line: Like it fell off the truck.	It needs a sound system to be cool.	I saw the review a couple times but I am now having the same problem.	M558 has 90 dimming zones and it does make a difference.	ASAP The audio failure will occur with or without a sound bar.	I want to love this TV but the software freezes up so often that it’s barely usable.	But it turned out
Too thin.	Really cute sliders that don’t slide.	Who ever thought I could slide my to a toned body.	I’ve used on carpet and hardwood floor and they slide perfectly on both.	Matches description.	Love the carry bag it came with as well.	I wanted sliders to have the mesh throughout with only a hard outer edge around them.	I live in a older apartment with carpet and these make working out much easier.	They
I wanted to love this product.	I bought this for my teen.	I like the brush that separates the lashes and makes them look “feathery”.	This is about as close to good old fashioned mascara as I've found in recent years.	I love the idea of this as being a "healthier" mascara.	It is the ONLY mascara she has ever tried that doesn't irritate her eyes.	So great to not have an allergic reaction to
Travelpro always come through with a fantastic product.	Had a very legit issue with a Travelpro top of their line garment bag.	Rolls effortlessly and straight.	Took a beating through 3 weeks in Europe and never broke a sweat.	I also bought the less expensive version Travelpro Crew 11 21" which is also very good but i can tell the difference in the quality and worth the extra money.	I do love the inside of
I'm like every other guy that works outside, your on your feet all day.	It only a few days to break in the these boots.	I usually don't get too excited about boots, but when you find a brand that stands out, you have to speak out.	There is a little heavy other than that very comfortable high-quality materials	Ultra comfortable, super tough.	Quite stiff as well.	So, please keep the sizing in mind when
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my son.	if you have the money and want a DSLR, look no other, buy this item.	I read the manual every other day its a lot to take it.	I'm seriously considering buying one for me as a second body in my kit.	The price is amazing at only $250 with a $200 18-135mm weather resistant lens.	I am very disappointed that some of the manufacturer
I use this when using my mandolin slicer.	I like the look and feel of the gloves.	I work in a meat department at a grocery store and use very sharp knives all day and these glove have protected me many times.	Wish they were a little thicker but they work fine.	Worked well, comfortable.	Fits well and not super thick like others I have tried.	I bought these after carelessly slicing my thumb on
It works perfectly fine.	I bought this comforter about 5 months ago.	I'm a little disappointed.	Super soft, beautiful color.	I will definitely be ordering a 2nd set.	This is the 2nd cover I purchased.	I missed the return window It sits on a shelf making me even more mad	Unfortunately I have to send it back and get a different brand.	Very soft though.	I purchased this in white.	I stayed a hotel this
I ordered this product because of the 20% vitamin c and it appears to be stabilized.	I really loved it.	I am super excited to use it.	I found this and liked that it also has the hyaluronic acid to help with moisture.	This is the third time I have purchased this serum.	Overall I’m happy with this product.	I visibly see a difference in the texture of my skin when I use this.	in
It works great.	It definitely makes a nice food presentation.	A little tricky to clean parts of it and the plastic stains easily.	Love this product.	I love this spiraizer.. not soggy.. very firm.	It came with multiple sized slicers.	Im so happy i purchased it.	Large suction base holds firm while spiraling.	Made the Thai peanut sauce one.	Studied the different models before I choose this one.	It is much better than the hand-held
I keep this on the boat, never let me down.	I plan on buying another for me.	I bought a second one I liked it so much.	Very bright light only wish it also came with a house adapter.	Got one of these awhile back and now getting as a great gift for boss man.	It is an LED light, with a polished, deep reflector.	Read all the reviews on this light which built it
I began searching and I am very happy that I found this product!!	I love this product.	I only wish I would've tried this line sooner.	I have been using marina oil for years.	Also, say goodbye to your facial primer.	I highly recommend giving this product a try.	Love it.	I’d also like to mention that this gives me such a glow and I’ve never looked brighter and better.	Some of their products may
I purchased this item for my daughter in November.	Love the pop out leg and included carrying case to prevent damage while stored in laptop back.	For another $40-$100, could have have that capability and would have been much happier.	Took an hour and a half to get the monitor to connect.	They paid the warranty.	Monitor wont charge/ come on with laptop have tried updating drivers etc still wont work..	Do yourself a favor
Went to office supply store and got a netgear very much like this with a 2 year warranty (20.00) that covers everything.	I was very happy with the operation of this device until about a month ago.	Run Tomato, but actually reverted it back to the Asus Merlin WRT firmware because of the SmartConnect and Adaptive QoS.	I have a home automation network and a dozen+ IP security cameras in addition to the usual heavy
Overall glad I got it.	I ordered this to make bar cookies without having to use oil on the pan.	I like this pan.	Like being able to lift it by the metal rim.	First try with a silicone baking pan.	I like the metal frame, it helps to transfer the pan with batter.	Very happy with the way food comes out and also SOOOOO easy to clean!	Glad I ordered silicone pans with the
It only took me a few minutes to put together.	Overall the table is cute.	This is a near-perfect copy of an Ikea LACK end table.	I needed a cheap, pretty end table to go with my white and navy living room.	Not very sturdy.	From opening the package to building the table it takes no more than 3-5 minutes.	I bought this to put a bar refrigerator on to raise the height.	We just
Absolutely loved the way this item was packaged.	It is more like a burnt orange in color.	It does get a little hot but that is ok.	Take it the drycleaner, its about 20-30$ to do that.	It fits more like a full or queen quilt-like, thin cover.	She loves it, I love it, its great!	I loved this comforter...until I washed it.	Thinking about buying another one as a back-up.	I really like this
I love everything about this HRM.	It works great.	I go on bike rides every day and try to burn at least 600 calories.	being a secure male i got the cheaper pink watch.	Love it and it works fabulous.	I love everything about this watch.	I like the larger time display but the other displays are a bit smaller and a little harder to read when moving.	I only used this about 15 times
I wear them during my 1 hr.	I wish they were a big lighter however.	I use them to do cardio, weight training, and kickboxing.	These are much more comfortable than wrist weights.	Open palms and fingers still allow me to pick up additional weights, water bottle, etc.	Seem well made and gave the right amount of extra weight/effort.	They are very large and loose, slipping around your hands.	Bought a pair for my niece,
I love this product.	This is just what I used while at the gym.	Just what I expected.	I love this Pilates ring very much.	I am learning to work with it.	Plus the pink color came totally stained with dirty black marks.	So my advice to the manufacturer, give a decent guide to your buyers or put something on your website.	I'm 85 years old and used a ring in physical therapy in place
I cant rate this item as I gave it as a Christmas present	I would prefer a smaller one of those.	They do help regardless of the smaller size.	I am excited to try a cake or a cobbler in the air fryer.	Am going to try to make hard boiled eggs in muffin pan.	Fits the air fryer nicely, makes cooking certain dishes much easier.	Wish it came with a case to store everything.
I love the scent and how foamy this shampoo gets.	I will update my review if I notice a difference in hair loss or not.	I am not able to make a decision as of now.	My hair was soft, silky, richer and no hair loss as before.	I have very fine hair shoulder length and was starting to loose some.	I bought both these products because a friend showed me an area on her
Contrary to some other reviewers, I found the light fragrance pleasant and inoffensive.	Perhaps I received a defective tube?	I have used this product in the Lilac Brightener in the past with success but this time was different.	I have re-ordered this multiple times.	I like the mousse consistency of this tinted moisturizer.	Love this product.	I like this very much.	I am a long time user of Jane Iredale Dream Tint Moisturizer.	Would love
Turn on, enjoy, turn off.	I loved everything about but sad.	Treat it with kid gloves.	It needs to be close to an outlet.	I can say that I am very happy with this product.	Works as advertised, really hot water makes the coffee.	For my countertop, that limits where the machine will live.	Well I'm returning this coffee maker tomorrow, what a bummer!	I especially like the carafe that is a no drip design.
I saw this reviewed as one of the top five messenger bags and that is true.	Laptop, Switch, cables and chargers, and even a change of clothes can be tucked into this at the same time.	I read reviews carefully and looked at all the product photos.	Buckles on side pockets are difficult, wish they were snaps like the front pockets.	Very nice bag and used to love it.	Purchased this bag as a diaper
As others have mentioned, the quick-change mandrel is the weak link in this kit.	I used it to cut a hole through my house wall while installing a tankless water heater vent.	Great holesaw kit!	Trying to drill a plastic weatherproof box.	This kit is a Super Buy!	Great hole saw kit.	They come in there on case, they’re easy to change out and they are much deeper than others I’ve used in the past!
I love having a glass carafe.	So I bought a spare one and have been dishwashing the original since June of 2018.	Such a great way to start my day off.	It is the best coffee we have ever made at home.	So much plastic, and a reservoir that doesn't lift the clean...	As everyone has noted the coffee is great because of the temperature control.	I have tried various caliber coffees to test the
It works great.	Buying this TV was a disaster.	It is September of 2019.	However, they dropped off the box on the back side of the house like a box full of trash.	A lil but bulky but its not too large, I do with there were more analog buttons on the tv itself, but other than that, works as expected!	Bought on impulse without really needing a t.v.	No easy way to get assistance
It makes a small, but luxurious gift.	Having both wide & close tines makes Beard grooming very easy.	Bought this for my husband who has an unruly beard.	I like the durability and the affordability of this compact pocket beard comb with protective sleeve!	seems a little brittle but works okay.	Not very sturdy feeling.	I bought this for my husband for Christmas.	My beard is pretty curly and crazy and this comb always gets
Initial reaction is that clarity of center audio in surround is every good.	These speakers use speaker wire, how old must they be disappointed	Polk hits a homer again.	It has a great, full sound that makes those mid range vocal tones pop.	With a decent sound processor/eq, thsound will satisfy most average music lover.	Polk is a great name in speakers and these live up to the Polk name.	Blew out my old center
I like a strong bold cup of coffee this coffee tasted like dish water.	I use a 16 oz mug and I have to tilt it up and under but it works.	For the next cup of coffee or tea, you do not taste the previous coffee or tea that was last brewed.	I found out that this coffee maker keeps water in it to keep it "primed".	I like the fact that I am
I purchased this just after purchasing a new couch.	Returned for a refund.	I got her a size med.	They hate the cold leather of the couch.	Also the packaging says made in China.	I got an XL.	Overall though not worth it.	I am waiting on the second to be credited to my Amazon account.	I bought this product specifically because it says it was water resistant and showed a picture of water beading
Cons- Cute, but very hard to get all the coins out.	Bought this for my vegan friend that loves pigs.	It is very hard to find an unbreakable piggy bank in stores.	Bought as a joke gift for my brother and resulted in lots of laughs	It was a gift to a 3 year old.	Hard to find a durable piggy bank to teach a 2 year old to save.	very cute and very large
Better than any other pore strip or mask I have tried.	Especially, when you first open the package.	Based on reviews I tried this lower priced option.	These are not as good as the Biore version.	Bought a second pack for myself and even one for a friend.	bought this for the gf and she been using it with no complaints.	I tried no less than 5 strips and finally gave up.	They have a
I never fry anything anymore, but this makes the best fish and chicken.	Just as expected.	I like this pan.	I have used it everyday since I purchased it.	Wahed by hand used hot water with mild dish soap.	Love it but it's a lil smaller than I thought.	They work fine, but the bottom pan has become discolored with use.	I would give this a zero if possible.	Wasn't happy about this	Goes back
I order this very often, love the color and staying power.	Wish the sealer lasted as long as the lipstick.	I have used it for years.	I was trying the "red" I never wear.	I do not understand why this was not mentioned in other reviews because this is a deal breaker.	I like this color and it has a little bit of glitter.	Already wrote a review for this.	Very drying.	I bought heart
I am very happy with this product.	I had no problem with laptop.	Unless I'm editing a video or some other resource hog computer work.	I did connect a second monitor with HDMI.	I was expecting an improvement in performance from this 10th gen machine but it was more than I had hoped.	Been using it this way for past 3-4 months.	I have never regretted like this ever.	Connected to a 27 inch monitor,
comfortable and no slipping.	Perhaps the most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn and I have tried a lost of them.	So I ordered a 12.5 double E which fit perfectly.	5 stars for being the most comfortable walking shoe I have used to date.	I've worn these a few times now.	Very hot shoe.	Shoes are not as soft as those Kuchar advertises.	They have plenty of grip too.	I got a new
It was a pain to put together.	I bought a 2nd one for my garage.	not as high as a chair but save space and makes it easy to clean the floor with out the need to move it.	I bought this about 6 weeks ago.	I found it very difficult to put together.	It is an attractive piece.	I finally fastened it with double-sided carpet tape.	Struggled a bit with the bars to put
I like this lamp a lot - attractive and pretty easy to put together.	they are BLACK, not dark bronze as pictured or detailed.	switch mechanism cracked and stopped working within 3 months of use and have not been able to use a otherwise nice looking lamp	Seems sturdy and a generally nice lamp but seems like a lot of the lamp shades get broken.	Switch at top is a tad an lying but otherwise
As a very active airsofter, I've learned that getting shot in the thumb is pretty painful, but overall, the gloves are great!	I just received and tried them on, very soft sniff the protection seems sound.	They feel more than sturdy enough to reduce the impact of airsoft.	Good plating, but little to no padding between the plate and your knuckles.	Brought a second pair of gloves for underneath.	Probably more of a 3.5-star item
It works great.	I did not have this problem before this power strip.	I normally do not give 5 stars but in this case.	I bought this to replace my analog aquarium time.	Since the smart life app also supports IFTTT, I can connect this strip to other services to trigger on/off events.	But I will !	Original, never worked, never used, never got an answer from the seller, stucked with a piece of junk!
I didnt take a before photo but I wish I would have.	Very happy with this product!!	Gorgeous wood floors!	My mom bought it after seeing my floor.	Love the product.	I lifted carpet that had been covering68 year old oak floors.	Pictures are after the cleaning, and 2 days after using restorer.	But I decided to give it a shot.	If you have a lot of hard wood you will need a few bottles.
Otherwise the coverage and material is nice.	Totally worth the price and the best swimsuit I've ever purchased!	I ordered an XL and should have ordered a L probably.	Such a flattering style, I love it!	But that was to be expected as the skirt was rather thick and a heavier material.	Made swimsuit shopping this season stress free.	I purchased this bathing suit for Memorial Day on the beach with my family.	Buy this
They are easy to empty the grounds from afterward.	Secondly the machine leaks only when I use this brand below the handle.	Saving a ton on buying K-cups every week.	I am saving a ton of money on premade filled k-cups.	These cups are absolute garbage.	It works just as well without, taste is even better.	Second, the screen is durable yet allows the proper amount of water and coffee to be released.	nice cups,
you have to do it manually with the tv remote.	Caught on fire after 3 years.	I am used to having a 3 monitor setup.	4k content looks stunning.	Five stars for amazon return policy.	I bought this to have a modern TV in front of my treadmill while I work out.	Works very nicely combined with a program like DisplayFusion that helps set macros to move windows to specific areas of the screen.	Really
Recommend anyone going camping and back packing, read this first.	Think of this book as a tool that teaches you to think like a survivalist.	This book is a must read for preppers and survivalist.	Usually when I pick up books like this, the information contained inside are things I already know.	This would be a book Macguyver would be proud of.	Easy to read, demonstrating how to make stuff from things found laying around,
Boy am I really Sorry I bought this P.O.S.	Seamless purchase & intro in every possible way.	Anyone who can help with this machine is greatly appreciated.	To get to nvm slot is a monumental pain, you basically have to remove everything inside the computer.	I purchase this unit a few days ago.	My old PC required that I plug in a network adapter into one of my USB drives.	Needed a new desktop after
My son has loved this gear and had no complaints.	We have not yet tested the durability of the gear on our very active son.	Provides no cushion at all.	Quality is good.	Looks like great quality thus far.	I'd say Grandma picked a good birthday gift this year.	Our grandson loved this and uses it every game well made	I waste my money.	My son loves this set!	Very uncomfortable.	My 8 year old
I have to wash about 100 makeup brushes in a week!!	I no longer need to use a towel to switch between eyeshadows .	Love this!	I am also happy because she actually uses it.	I liked this set.	It did a very good job	My makeup brushes are the cleanest they’ve been in a long while!	I just bought this item again for her sister to give as a Christmas gift!	Amazing, personable customer
Almost a month has gone by, and nothing has been resolved.	It does everything I expected.	Hooked it up with a USB cable and it works great.	I am unable to get the pc fax to set up and although the unit has two cassettes, I have been unable to set up normal print to cassette 2 and envelopes to cassette 1.	If you download the Epson Print app, you can also print from your
I bought this item for my trip to Iceland in early September.	My hands are wide but not chubby.	They are made of a very nice quality smooth leather.	They are very soft and well made.	I love these gloves.	Purchased for my wife as a gift and she loves these gloves, she said they are warm and comfortable.	I needed a pair of gloves to match my new oxblood-colored jacket.	They are generously cut
Could hold some small basic tools, nothing too bulky.	Perfect size for small tools.	I've used these bags quite a bit.	I have my drill and charger, bits, hammer, screw driver, pliers, and a few other miscellaneous things thrown in there.	Strong, surprisingly, roomy well made bag.	Purchased two of these for my BMW K1200GT.	I like this bag.	Almost wish it had a pocket or 2 inside though to help keep things organized.	Strong
Even with the rainfly on the tent, this tent allows a lot of water to sweep through the material.	We got stuck in a horrible rain and wind storm and never had a drop of water leak in	I would definitely recommend if your going on a hike or camping trip.	Great quality tent, super easy to put together.	A little bit got through around the bottom, but not enough to worry.	I purchased this
I pop a pod in, and wait 20 seconds, pour that into a small thermos and I'm off to the races.	Gave it to my wife for Christmas, she's the coffee drinker, she loved it!	It makes a great latte or cappuccino.	Perfect espresso every time.	I bought two of these on Black Friday.	It works great.	I have used this machine years ago in an office setting, and couldn't wait to have my own.
I installed this radio 2 weeks ago.	I know some have an issue having to answer a guestion.	The microphone works great even over an old diesel engine.	I also hooked it up to a back up camera.	Super easy installation and I love Apple CarPlay.	I only purchased this item because of the Amazon return policy and I am glad I checked.	Eventually I would get error codes.	Overall, I am very pleased with
I havent used it to burn as yet though.	It works great.	I assumed that all new computers would come with DVD built in.	Bought this for my Auntie's new laptop.	Figuring I just got a bad unit, I purchased a second one and got the same results.	I loved this product, very light and easy to set up.	I just got it last week - really fast delivery.	I am using windows 8, and
I have wavy hair and instead of putting stiff mousse or hairspray, I use this to keep the frizz at bay.	Bought this for my Daughters unruly hair.	Also smells great.	Spray a couple times to the bottom of your hair and let your comb/brush pull it through.	I LOVE this product.	in love with this spray.	Well I strongly DO NOT recommend.	I see no difference in my hair with this, still hard to
I used a different brand of chalk before and I never had any issues until now.	I even drove out to the manufacturing plant in Salt Lake City.	Description says loose chalk, however mine are chunks of what look like rock-salt.	It is ok chalk, but there is better out there.	I use this to make liquid grip chalk and it breaks down into dust, effortlessly.	I bought this to get a stain out of
I prefer to use a flat bristled brush and believe soft, flat bristles clean the gum line the best.	Toothbrush handle made in China with Certified 100% organic bamboo.	I love this toothbrush and I get to help save the planet.	Once you do, you'll never go back to plastic.	These are okay toothbrushes.	For myself, I also purchased a wooden brush with boar bristles.	I also found the bristles on the soft side.	I
It was more than enough.	still hurts to rip out your hair, but its not hot wax burning you.	Due to corona, I’ve been riding the struggle bus with hair regrowth.	orks fine on legs...avoid any area with a shape though.	I used this for years and I cannot remember why I stopped.	Also didn't have as much redness.	I found my way back to it recently.	It is great considering that everything is closed
I'm trying to get a head start on sandal season and am very impressed with the results.	My feet felt brand new after.	I LOVE this product.	My feet feel brand new.	I bought this one because it came with two and read it smelled pleasant.	I did this back in May time frame.	It had a strong odor similar to nail polish.	I am so VERY glad I did.	I chose this one, as
For years, we've gotten by with a smaller Eureka.	Too narrow.	Also I love the door on this tent.	I like nearly everything about this tent.	Great tent, the door is awesome.	Otherwise it has a lot of room and was easy to put up with two people.	Luckily I had one from an old Coleman tent I pulled off.	Or 9 kids inside playing.	Used it twice last summer and it felt like home
Second time they started leaking, I couldnt even screw the tops on right.	Looks good but I was expecting hard clear plastic shells.	Nah, easier just to boil an egg and peel it!	Planning on purchase another set, because this worked so well.	I used the suggestion of 1/2 teaspoon of oil and this was fairly successful.	I had my doubts about this one but it worked so well Had a hard boiled egg in
It works great.	Good signal, good penetration!	I ran a speed test before disconnecting the Xfinity modem and was receiving the expected up/down speeds.	Most of the time the speed is below 1mbps.	Instead, the thing fried and crapped out in less than 5 months.	I am not happy about this.	Believe me It is better than xfinity one, better signal n connection.	I have kicked to the curb my cable TV and now just
I have thick, wavy hair to middle of my back.	Such a timesaver, I'm never going back to cheapie curling irons!	It is more like .75" .	But otherwise, great product!	Finally found a quality iron at an affordable price.	My stylist uses this curling iron and I'm glad I made the switch.	It is definitely worth a little higher price.	I like the barrel but not the cord.	I have long, thick hair, and
I bought this for my daughter's 7th birthday.	I had read one review about scratched posts.	I really scored with my granddaughter when I purchased this for her!	I can't exactly load this beam up with me to go on a screw hunt.	Beam came with a rip in fabric on end of beam.	Aside from that it was a super easy install.	Of course, I knew con #1 and #2 before purchasing the beam.
Easy to use, just pick the combo you like and set it.	Really appreciate not having to learn a new combo!	I needed a gym lock and this one was huge and heavy.	Carry on my gym bag when I need a locker easy to use	Like a few others I see on here, I used this lock at the gym on my locker.	I have purchased this lock a few times because I lose
Thick glasses.	They look like glass, not crystal, but the circle design keeps them from looking TOO plain.	They are also very pretty with the "wavy" glass.	Instead I got strudy looking ones with nice retro look.	I've dropped a couple already and they didn't break.	I just expected the glass to be very thin.	Plain enough but with a real flair!	They are not safe to be handled by younger people, like say 13
The pot came in with a 1" dent straight out of the box.	Stem was bent where it connects to the base.	I had never had coffee from a percolator before.	Needless to say, I dumped it all out and used another method.	I have to say I was a bit disappointed in Coleman with this percolator.	I got really tired of replacing coffee pots.	I want enamal but not too many bigger size pot
I pretty much liked everything about this scope.	Very easy to Sight in.	I purchased this to put on a resto project.	I really like this scope, especially for the price!	Quality is awesome.	I like my iron sights, but my spoiled kid needed a scope to find deer.	So far seems like a great purchase.	Order some Birchwood Casey touch up with this to cover it.	single shot rifle and plan to hit the
I am very happy with this purchase.	I am sorry I purchased this item.	I bought a leather crossbody strap that was part chain and the gold metal matched the metal on the purse.	It fits a wallet, cardholder & planner.	It is actually more spacious than I need.	Great size with enough room.	Clear strap included.	I'm constantly asked about this bag everywhere I go.	Got it to meet NFL stadium requirements for bags
I bought these for my 6 year old grand daughter.	Socks were fine, but did not include the solid colors.	They love the fun colors.	Won't buy this anymore, not worth it.	They run closer to the size 16 than the 7.	My experience with Hane products have generally been positive in the past.	Not too thin or thick.	Very comfortable.	Very cute but not the greatest quality.	Thin socks.	Should've bought in store to
Too small.	I reordered this item because the bra looked and felt very comfy.	Super soft, surprisingly absorbent.	Also no padding at all.	Going through menopause ain't easy and having issues with the breast, these have been a life savor.	These are very okay.	I think this has to do with the fact that I am a D cup.	I gave 4 stars because of the size being just a tad too tight.	I am
The liner is good too but unfortunately, without touchscreen control function, only the mitt palm does.	I snowboard and found that these to be very warm and comfortable.	They are also quite beautiful, as photos show/as advertised.	Bought for a VT ski trip last minute when I realized I’d lost my long time gloves.	My hards are usually extremely cold when I ski.	I went snowboarding and only used the outer gloves.	(We do have
Super quiet and works like a charm.	I have 2 of these units and live in a relatively small home.	I like this humidifier very much.	Purchased this humidifier as it was recommended by a friend.	It has an automatic shutoff when tank is empty.	Maybe I'm not a professional, but I believe in my choice	I can definitely feel the air is much fresher in the bedroom than the living room when I get
I never pictured myself spending as much as I did but I will always be a dyson fan from now on	It works great.	Which makes me crazy.	Enjoy cleaning, Dyson DC40, makes quick work of this chore!	I should have never waited this thing is amazing!	Love the way it goes from carpet to hardwood and ceramic tile floors without changing anything.	I do so hope they can fix the problem.	I was informed
Returned for different product.	I secured it to the back wall where the countertop meets the wall.	It is very scary how a lighted magnifier can really show the imperfections in your face.	I like everything about this mirror EXCEPT the lighting.	Love it and the finish goes with faucets etc.	Amazingly, some hotel bathrooms have them now.	When we moved, we left the first one in the old house and replaced it in the
I am a semi-amateur rock hunter and found this rock pick hammer to perform very well.	I bought this as a Christmas present for my rock loving husband.	Withstood a ton of hammering on solid granite.	I haven't put this to use, yet.	I got this hammer to crack open some rocks.	It was sent in a bubble bag in order to protect everything.	Good hammer but takes to long to do the job, faster
Instead, I heard SPLLLLIIIITTTT and quickly plummeted to the deck with folded torso and legs sticking straight up.	Only gave it 4 stars because it's bulky (hard to get back in the carrier) and heavy.	I only wish the cupholder was a little bigger.	It started to fade at the end of last summer.	It could collapse better into a smaller bundle.	Not very sturdy either.	I am starting out at four star review.	I
I will be buying a second pair soon....same color etc.	Lightweight, comfortable and durable!	I just purchased this 5.0 version as a replacement.	I like reebok, comfy, cool and a heck of a lot cheaper than Nike.	Shipped men's size instead of women's.	I use it for basketball referring.	I was afraid to even re-order and get another men's shoe.	Awesome traction and extremely comfortable.	I’ve ordered 6 pair in the last 4 years.	Very
I'm a tech and I use them every day!	kind of like buying a foot long subway sandwich and getting a 6".	working with these tools makes life and time easier.	Great wrenches with a holder.	There is no 1 1/4 inch wrench in the set.	I can apply a lot of torque and have not had any sign of stripping or slipping.	I use these every day as a forklift tech.	Work as designed,
I purchased this gloves less than a week ago.	I have to pull the fingers down and taut to use them.	but still loved the gloves.	I went on a trip to a ski resort those were great my fingers were warm great buy.	I sent them back and got the gray again.	I bought these gloves for myself and my daughter for a ski trip at Brian Head.	The gloves fit comfortable and looks
I tried this in a medium, and it was way tight under my arms/shoulder area.	I find the shirt to be soft unlike a few of the other reviewers reported.	I really like how the material feels and looks but I wish the shirt was more fitted.	Too small.	Great product... not super fond of the design.	It looks ok, except the collar is too loose.	I like the feel of the material and it
I'm able to fit my iPhone 7, metrocard, house key, and a few bucks.	Guess I should have my pepper spray in-hand anyway, lol!	I hate having things strapped to my arm, and I just use the iPhone for a run tracking app.	It does all this while greatly minimizing bounce.	I bought this belt after a friend recommended it.	So convenient to keep my keys, chapstick, etc while Im exercising outside.	Bought this for
Loses a little bass at top end but that is loud!	Every time you start up, you have to designate the primary and then connect the secondary units back to the primary.	Good product, clear sound, decent quality, easy to connect.	then the Flare2 is for you.	The sound quality is Amazing.	Unfortunately, that only works until you power off, or batteries die.	I do find keeping them synched to be a bit of a
Had a solo this one works better easy set up	It works great.	It is CRITICAL to have really good wireless speed at both ends.	easy to setup, wireless makes it really easy.	You just hook it to the cable box and to your wireless connection.	I got to me in two days.	A very frustrating loop.	Chromecast streaming never works.	I used to be a big fan of sling box.	Overall, I consider this
Its fairly compact, but gives a great kick.	When I turn up the Gain on this monster.........it really pounds.	In this setup, the PSW111 really adds a needed bass punch without being overbearing or muddy.	Purchased this in late 2010 and three years later the volume control sounds like it is shorting out.	It works with 100 to 250 V AC and with good sound quality.	It was a nice little subwoofer with a punchy
Download the app to an apple and android phone and it works great.	Nice starter to begin the smart lighting experience.	I hate coming home to a dark house but also hate leaving a light on all day.	Pretty reliable comparatively when used with Apple HomeKit, great dimming range, great responsiveness.	The app, settings and timers are great!	There is an unpleasant lag when executing a request with Google home.	Most of the time it
Must have to keep your phone and keys snug when exercising.	I have my ID, medicine cards, doctors cards as well as my person to call.	I purchased this to use as a money belt during trips.	I should have gotten maybe a size smaller.	For a marathon, I can get the phone, keys, and a few gels in there.	Although a little awkward at first, this was clutch!	It also helps me hold proper
Bought this as a gift for my daughter, she loved it.	I have twin toddlers and the 20 minutes a day I get to take a bath and read a book with a glass of wine, recharged me.	I like everything about this.	My only issue is that the phone slot does not work when you phone is in a protective case.	Otherwise this tray holds A LOT and does expand to accomodate a lot.
Bought this for my daughter in February 2015 for her baby.	This was a disappointing purchase overall.	I use as a game chair...very satisfied.	the seat bottom has no where near enough foam to sit in comfort, your butt sits on the frame.	They wanted me to take a picture of the Manufacturer label.	Also, there is a large pucker in the headrest.	We were concerned about the quality but loved the look .	I
Works wonderfully, and the speakers are super loud!	Attaching the legs was very simple.	How to work direct satellite cable connection on this TV.	Do yourself a favor, buy another brand.	Imagine my surprise when I opened the box, set the tv up & saw a warped screen.	I love everything about this TV.	I even spent the money to get a TV antenna signal amplifier.	It works well, good picture, value.	I use roku
I purchased this product about a week ago.	They're also not one brightness, they slowly dim and brighten as the level of light changes throughout the night which I really like.	Also like the white light - no gimmicky colors, etc.	Would have got 5 stars with a plain front.	Very nice overall design but way too bright to be a nightlight.	Very happy with the purchase and will definitely buy more when needed.	I’m
Just be sure to order the correct size.	Large fits me well.	I damaged my knee 15 years ago in a motorcycle crash.	Fit as expected when going by their sizing chart.	Using these helped make proper form and healthy mobility a possibility.	Love it, love it.	Update - I am ordering a second pair as backup for when I travel!	Comfortable, does not cause skin irritation as others I've tried.	a lot of support,
update 1/25/2020 replacement has been running over a month now with no issues.	It works great.	Bought this for my business and it crapped out in the middle of service, leaving us totally screwed for the rest of the day.	As ordered.	I got this to back up my NAS, router, modem and cordless phone.	Only needed it in case power outage or surge to safely power down the pc.	I had a power surge
On any night there may be only 2 to 6 burning, and some nights none of them burn.	After a full day of Carolina sunshine, the lights produced about as much light as one candle.	But, what a disappointment!	They come with a lifetime replacement warranty.	Not even a little bit of light.	I purchased this set less than a month ago.	Immediately they sent a whole box replacement !	They add an attractive look
First time in dishwasher, the red and blue ones warped.	I like the way the boards feel, but as always happens with plastic boards, one has to be careful with heat and eventual food entrapment in future cuts.	I live the knife that came with them as well.	These are very flimsy.	I bought them for my daughter for Christmas.	Colorful, color-coded and durable- looking cutting boards.	I wash them by hand since people reported
Seems well built, install took 4-6 hours.	My previous set of louvers had foam strip along the edges.	It works great.	Once in place started to smell wire burning followed by smoke.	Husband spent 5-6 hours total getting this thing installed.	Really quite compared to the old ones back in the day.	Great fan, assembled and delivered to the door in two days.	I removed and reinstalled the motor, cut the drywall a little smaller
It amazing It also looks very stylish, and very well made and sturdy, especially considering the price of this!	I put this bed together by myself in about 30 minutes.	I bought this for my 3 year old son when transitioning to a bed.	This causes the bed to "walk" as well as a noticeable sag.	Got a new bed frame by the same company with an open side, 14” tall, and was much better.
I just came back from 10 days hiking in Iceland.	I get a pair of these boots for my dads birthday every year.	I would be better off with leather than suede.	These new boots appear to be made of the same quality materials and craftsmanship.	I like this boot very much.	I have not even gotten into the greenhouse and watering plants yet.	Comfortable as soon as I put them on.	Comfortable from the
This shape decanter spreads out the surface to expose a lot of your wine to aeration.	Works great, made a cheap bottle taste like an expensive one in minutes.	Picture Falsely shows the Item with an Airator (SC) It is nothing bit a glass container.	It is nice quality glass and really adds to the decor of any dining table.	It is both beautiful and effective.	Guess we'll have to start counting glasses consumed.	Packed
I received an oval shape.	It makes a great charcuterie board.	Wish RORO hand carved vendor sold something like this.	Not very pleased with the product.	Massive thanks to Amazon!	I am actually pleasantly surprised with the size of this as well.	recipient loved it.	I have ordered several of these....a couple for me and and a couple for gifts.	I love this product!!	type phrases, they're not true).	disappointed in the appearance- Coloring or
Overall, I am happy with this product.	Very happy to find a fitted wetsuit!	I love the knee pads, give me extra traction on the surfboard.	Well made suit, very durable.	Too small.	For the price, this is a great wet suit.	No limit to the time I could stay in the water.	Would rather find one in front zip.	Really good quality, I was pleasantly surprised!	I go wakeboarding in December here in south
Cubes could be a little larger.	Do not use for baby food.	The silicone bottom design works surprisingly well, a huge improvement over traditional ice cube trays IMO.	Ended up breaking the trays.	Too small.	A good buy.	Every year, I've struggled to get the cubes out of the old, unyielding plastic ice cube trays.	They are high quality material.	Silicone and covers are nice, but it’s an effort and slow to push out each
Less than a dollar here when bought in bulk.	I do wish they included a few longer screws, but still can’t beat the quality and the price!	They completely changed the look of an "old" kitchen.	Super easy to install, just need basic tools.	I installed these on my cabinets.	I love these handles, I put them on my kitchen cabinets after I redid them.	There are two types of screws, metric and standard.	Super
I also tried the beer and it was super good!	It works great.	No more trying to remember to refill that cold brew pitcher in your fridge the night before.	Saving myself about $3‐5 a day by making my own frappes at home.	Awesome product but it ended up cracking after a month.	I like my coffee cold, my wine cold, everything cold!!!	I love iced espresso and used this daily.	Also very satisfying watching
I still follow a full skin care regimen regularly when I’m at home.	Fell in love instantly.	I am willing to repurchase as a product I always use.	She has sensitive skin and this is works great for her.	It had drained out somewhere along the line but the plastic wrap was fully intact.	Each were about a dollar an ounce.	I have sensitive skin, and this works very well to remove makeup without irritation.
I bought this less than a month ago as a gift for my husband.	I love mine for mixing my Bulletproof Coffee.	I was careful to always hand wash and dry, but the cup died😾 I thought it was the batteries, but it just stopped working.	I do wish the cup was a little larger/taller.	I loved this but now it stopped working.	So then i bought another and i really wanted this to work
I can finally get a good night sleep.	Love that the backup battery is a long lasting lithium watch battery.	I like that the numbers are dimly lit and not blinding at night.	Hay que comprar un adaptor para el enchufe que no trae.	I'd rather buy a different clock and set it twice per year instead of having to reset this clock twice per month.	The radio works great for the alarm in the
I love the design on the flask and the over all feel...	I purchased this as an anniversary gift for my husband.	It works great.	Seems very anti-patriotic.	My husband loved it, as a Father’s Day gift.	My husband really like this flask.	Shortly after purchase I took this too a house party with this flask in my back pocket.	Packaging of product was fine, however the leather area on the flag was defective.	I'm
I wore these boots in Minnesota, with 30° weather, and with the wool liner socks my feet felt fine!	Super comfy, roomy calf space.	Durable, stylish and a total staple for my wardrobe.	Instead, I got scuffed up boots in the wrong color and style.	I bought two of these hunter boots in a 10 and 11.	Last year, I bought my daughter a size 10 (her actual size) perfect fit.	Should have ordered an
I have several differing items that required differing remotes.	the main thing is that this baby is backlit, backlit, backlit and under a hundred bucks.	Of course it takes some tweaking to get all the settings just right.	Works well, but you have to push more buttons than needed to get all your functions working.	Give me regular ol AA batteries any day.	remote keeps restarting, when you press certain buttons.	Most wonderful gift given
Got it in the mail this morning, and I am absolutely wowed by the quality!	I will definitely will be purchasing more in a future date.	Well made and love this manufacturer, very high quality.	I received this corset as a Christmas gift from my boyfriend as I have been wanting a corset for a long time!	It is way better quality than i expected.	I really love this product- I think it fits well
My second was permanetly borrowed by my mother, its 10 years old and working fine.	It is energy saving also if you keep the area close.	I've never used an oil filled heater before: but I have lived in houses with radiant heat.	A small heater with a fan is far better.	Over all, I like the product.	Purchased 2 of them.	It is only a little mysterious to figure out heating levels.	Customer service
I am very happy with this laptop.	I play a lot of Diablo 3: ROS, WoW and Skyrim and this laptop has been up to those challenges.	It does not have that.	And during that time at the begining never had a problem.	I've never owned one before and I love this laptop.	I'll upgrade to SSD as soon as I can, and then this computer will have a place in my will if I
but, this camera didnt work.	figured it was a good camera with the name alone.	Granted, they run more like $800-1000.	Maybe a little too exact as a matter of fact.	I do not like this camera.	I have not been overly happy with the focus.	As soon as she opened it, she creamed, Camera 4!	Have taken pix thru storm door, and they were as clear as if outside!	It's a great buy.	Good
I bought this to replace the manual nose trimmer I normally use and the beard/neck trimmer that suddenly stopped working a few weeks earlier.	It seems to work just fine.	Lost one of the plastic combs and found that it cost an excessive amount to replace it.	Everything else seems to work but that, all important grooming tool.	I originally purchased this as I needed a new nose hair / ear hair trimmer.	Not really
These are fantastic, especially if you get used to a couple of quirks.	No wires, It really does have good base.	Did I receive a dysfunctional one?	I really liked how the earphones set into the charging block, and so they were always "charged."	Would totally purchase more products based on customer support alone.	However, it shows to be very good and portable.	Would recommend for sure.	Original Review: I bought these on August 22nd
It works great.	It works, but screen is real grainy most of the time.	Bought this for my wife’s SUV.	Wireless made it very easy to install.	Don’t recommend for a Dodge Challenger	Amazon sent a replacement and same problem, dead display right out of the box.	Checking reviews this is a very common problem... dead displays.	Installation was a nightmare.	Good picture, relatively easy to install.	I found it very easy to install.	I
I am so pleased with this purchase, it lifts my laptop up to a comfortable position.	I think this product is inefficient in terms of its space utilization.	It would be too bulky to pack in a suitcase.	Too slippery.	I am using the laptop stand right now as I write this review.	I like the design of this product due to its simplicity and functionality.	Love this product!!	Overall liked the product.	I work
It works great.	Bought this for my daughters dorm room.	Extremely roomy in comparison to others.	I bought this for my office to store it in, and wow.	There's a ton of room inside and there's even a tiny box attached at the top that freezes stuff such as water!	Order this as a Christmas present and VERY happy with purchase.	I and able to stay a few frozen meals in the freezer and have
Buy a regular watch or spring for an Apple watch.	I purchased a new band and am now very happy.	Flex, charge HR, charge HR2, aria and now versa2.	Also gives false steps if you move your hand a lot, like raking or digging.	*A positive is you can edit your sleep times.	Great buy, reccomend this watch!	I love how it looks.	I live in a house with 2 flights of stairs that i
I ordered two of them and have used them like crazy.	Also works great for resting steaks while maintaining serving temperature.	These cast iron Fajita pans are just fantastic.	I am very happy with this purchase.	It works great.	Or go to google and read about cast iron pans	I bought these as a gift to myself and love them.	Unfortunately, even after hand washing two times, there are burnt marks left behind on the
We'll know in about 9 months if we get the "hills and valleys" (even though we do turn a mattress every 2 months.)	THEY SUGGESTED BUYING A MEMORY FOAM TOPPER.	Sleeping on this mattress that first night was bliss, and all the nights since then have been just as delightful.	I have fibromyalgia and wanted to love this mattress.	Very comfy.	Try one in a store before purchase.	Got this for my hubby for his
Could be a bit bigger.	Too small.	I am very pleased with this cover.	Fairly easy to get on by yourself.	I think the wind might ripe it	I sprayed mine with tent waterproofing from Wal-Mart.	Quality of the material very strong.	Bought for a 2 seat golf cart and it covers perfectly.	I would certainly recommend this item.	First one lasted 7 years in Florida sun.	seems to make it last longer and helps
Couldn't be happier with the results I got from this little beast right here.	still going to get a f/1.4 to get more light in	I keep getting a error on a brand new camera other lens I purchased are working perfectly.	I love the depth of field on this lens.	I have a 17 month old daughter, and a few years of photography experience.	It works great.	The 50 mm works great.	Also, adjust
It works great.	I’ll definitely be using this more in the future.	I love this product.	Also comes with replacement parts.	This is a quality tool that does the job.	The tools to clean out the punch, and the extra base are helpful.	More effective than the awl i ordered a few months ago.	Bought this to punch new holes in my leather belts.	It also come with tools to remove the punches hole pieces
I just got finished ordering a new kind.	This works wonders .	Great solution to having sore toes.	I dont get the non-matching sized black plastic Mr Potato Head bumps that come with it.	This shoe stretcher performed as expected.	A little tough to use and not high grade material.	It works, but you need patience.	seemed good at first but fell apart after just a few uses	I can now wear both pairs all
We've had the Fire crash and freeze multiple times, and the Roku hasn't had a single issue yet.	this is my first Roku I have ever owned, when I read the reviews a lot of people said it was slow in downloading content.	It is small enough to take on trips which is an added benefit.	(You can go to their site, and see what apps/channels they have.)	I only got this one because I
I bought these as a gift and she LOVES them!	I just wish there was a dog motif to partner with these cats.	Also, a great little gift for any cat lover!	SO cute and friends love it too.	My only complaint is that the blue and gray cats are very similar in color.	I got these for a friend that loves cats!	will use at our next party in a few weeks.	Would definintely
I love to keep a clean & fresh smelling home.	It works great.	I keep a good backstock of this stuff to refill the container.	It does the job without having an obvious "air freshner" smell.	It has a mild, herbal scent that is pleasant without smelling toxic, like common plug-in products.	I am amazed at the effectiveness of this product!	Well, its either a "clean hospiltal-like" smell or... really nasty smells.	Love the product.
As with other reviews, the small caster wheel is a problem.	It carried multiple heavyweight items without a problem with sturdiness.	It was what I needed to do a job.	I use this to move a bunch of totes.	Too long light weight.	I really liked this product.	This was a life saver!!!	I was using this as a "flat" cart and the plastic front wheel completely shattered, and now I'm unable to use this
I got 1 actual shot from this thing in the total 3 hours I spent attempting to use it.	Not true.	Hugely disappointing, will never buy a Wacaco product again.	It is works better than i expected.	The taste is also very concentrated like how a good espresso shot should be.	When they say mini, they really mean mini.	Throfy, delicious coffee no matter where you go!	It has leaked water and not held pressure
I’m definitely not happy about that.	Love this product.	My skin feels like silk.	It was like I had a bad sunburn.	Love this face wash. A little bit goes a long way!	Sometimes I wash with this in the morning before applying makeup.	I use this amazing foam in the shower as I have skin that tends to break out after a serious workout.	Doesn’t have a heavy feeling.	It leaves the skin feeling
I got this model because of the anti-reflection features not found in the Samsung Q6 series.	Plan on hooking this device up to ethernet.	Also need to have LONGER power cord.	I set this TV up per the instructions.	Dark scenes are plenty good enough.	Great picture.	Would not recommend.	Course you shouldn't need to do this but once unless you're adding a device.	Connecting to streaming services very easy.	Great picture, easy to set-up.
In addition, the rack is doing quite well in terms of holding a multitude of other items.	I needed someone with a little more strengh to push on the shelves, plus, an extra set of hands.	It works great.	I, as a professional chef, use this at home and am thrilled with it.	Not as strong as they look.	So I bought this rack to clear my counters.	I liked the idea so much that
You'll never outdo this bike.	It is a huge improvement over all other far more expensive bikes that don't feature this.	Set up took 45-60 mins.	Easy to assemble and works like a charm.	Hard to tighten one of the handles and every few minutes you need to re-tighten it because it comes loose with use.	No frills, basic, heavy duty kick @$$ equipment built to last.	Seat could be a little bigger.	Took a
Im really happy with this product.	I have had this for a couple of years.	However, the material is of nice quality and the size is really good.	I bought this for my wife who's regularly using her laptop at home.	I'ma college student and I love this.	Good product, appears durable.	Very uncomfortable.	First off this product is very useful if you use a laptop.	Broken upon arrival, but still very good and usable!
Moved out without them, and almost killed myself.	My 69 yr, old mother was able to help move a bedroom set without problems.This product lets you open doors and go up stairs while handling bulky items.Save your back, get this item.	Literally cuts moving work by about 70%.	My boys lifted dressers, refrigerators and a stove with ease.	Highly recommend!	Really love the the product.	Moved a 650 lb safe with myself and a friend.
Had this lens for a number of months - really great.	I purchased this lens primarily for use as a macro lens.	I have to admit I am still on a learning curve with this lens.	Like all Canon lenses, the optical quality is wonderful.	I do a lot of flower photography and I'm very pleased with the performance of this macro lens.	I use this lens all the time when shooting my food photography.
Around 6-7 devices connecting at any given point and manages traffic without a blip - the BT hub was very poor in this respect.	Took a long long time but finally it was working.	Would not recommend this router.	I've loaded up a VPN in mine and its rock steady!	I returned one and amazon shipped out a replacement the following day (top marks amazon) but that one was behaving in a similar manor and
I never had a dependable printer until I got this one.	I bought one in March and now at the end of May the wireless connection no longer works.	So far, this printer has been a lot less expensive to run than my previous one.	I upgraded to it from a very ancient one, and this works like a dream.	I love being able to print for any pc or Mac in the house.	Purchased
I really am happy I made this purchase.	Love the clean look and color of this shoe.	Very comfortable!	I use them all day at work.	Order half a size up or a size up	Are incredibly comfortable.	Not to impressed in person.	But the shoe is amazing.	because it just gets dirty very quickly and similar to cheaper pairs but different color.	I like them so much that I've already bought another pair in
Not too heavy, roller case helps on paved surfaces, easy to carry across the sand.	It should have come with one.	Although I admit it took me a while the 1st time, but I was doing something wrong.	I bought this canopy last August to cover my daughter's swingset and shield her from the sunny Southern California days.	I liked the old one and I like this one as well.	Setup is light years ahead.
I have used this brand for over 5 years.	Actually like this toothpaste very much.	very small one.	I love this product.	The whitening version is a little less effective at keeping sensitivity away, but still very good.	I order them in 3 oz.	Other toothpaste could also have the same effect.	I got complimented on them all the time.	Toothpaste helps greatly with sensitivity.	Wanted to try this one instead but it’s very small
I purchased this Router based on what I needed and the reviews.	All devices connected without any problems, Very easy to set up the app and register the device.	Got to admit I was just a bit skeptical but I have been more than pleased.	My problem was solved and I am a very happy customer.	I really like the screen, which lets me know the first thing in the morning every thing is up
I weigh over 400 lbs.	I also wear insulated elk boots from Danner.	Often not the case with other boots I have ordered.	The 13 is true to size, the width is good without being too loose.	I need a very Supporting/Flexible/Well made shoe.	Great ankle support, strong sole, water proof, and durable.	I do have to replace then about once per year, but I wear them hard.	Very well-built boots.	Well made, sturdy support
I am very disappointed with the chair.	I am quite happy with this purchase.	Both she and her 7 month old sister fit in it very comfortably.	Although, I have yet to figure out how to unlock the zipper.	Since her sibling both want one now I guess it was a hit	Also feels a little under stuffed out of the box.	My niece loved this for her Christmas present.	He absolutely LOVES it.	I
It works great.	I honestly never new this stuff existed until last week.	I completely spaced and by the time I remembered I had purchased this product, my stove had a lot of baked on gunk.	Just bought a new glass top stove a couple weeks ago.	Does and excellent job of restoring the glass cook top.	You need to clean the dirty spots ASAP, but this product takes of all the dirt.	ARE you
Not sturdy at all.	Had an event back in September.	It was a cinch to set up.	Well made, REALLY easy to get up and take down and looks expensive although it was cheaper than most!	I cannot imagine having just the tiniest bit of wind torque this thing and it's done.	Under medium to heavy rain the water the fabric material to get soaked.	Not very sturdy or strong.	It went from a neutral
Had purchased this product almost 2 years back.	We have been using this for several months now.	Also at a great price.	Luckily it was still compatible with our heater.	Would not recommend this product.	I am not very tech inclined, so I called the tech number.	Love it and super easy to install and works as it's suppose to.	It should have lasted longer.	I was able to install the thermostat in under 10
I have an old school, one wire whole hand style strengthener on my desk.	I'm very happy with this product.	Good product, but pay attention to the level of strength training you need.	Probably should have started with a lighter strength.	Considering that the optimal use may be with the tips of the fingers, this is a fairly heavy gripper.	Overall, this will give a person a good workout.	I keep it in the car
Its a great product, just better off paying the store cost next time.	Good stuff, will purchase more.	I tried the product several times, with and without primer, and compared to my usual eye products over the course of 2 weeks.	I use it generally as a concealer, not just under my eyes.	I liked it all.	I have sensitive skin and find a lot of products irritate my skin, this does not.	I’ve used
Very quick delivery from amazon.	They are Amazing.	The sound quality is poor for the price.	The sound is incredible for the price, deep rich bass.	I use this for my music.	could use just a little more bass and volume.	No problems connecting to blue tooth.	These headphones don't have a noise cancelling function but they do block out a lot of noise due to their design.	I wore them all day when I
Someone put some thought into this.	Very disappointing in this aspect.	HOWEVER, it is EXTREMELY slow...Like it is bogged down.	I could only imagine how it would perform in a year.	Fully charged, I only get about 3 days use until I have to charge again.	It is totally immersive even without a hefty bass sound.	I am returning it.	We love the ridiculously long battery life, built in stand, and great sound from the
They are hard to fill, even using the included funnel.	(But again, that was 100% a user failure issue—not in any way a fault of the product!)	Overall, this was a great purchase!	These are very difficult to open but tear at the opening with any pressure applied.	Made 3 kinds of different drinks with top shelf liquor.	Great way to eat watermelon without the mess.	With these easy to fill, no cleaning required and
I contacted the seller and the sent me a new mount, 3 weeks later.	I actually complemented this light with a mounted wide-beam LED flashlight which I aim closer to the tire.	At afraid I hated the battery but once I saw how bright it got, I loved it!	Rode one season with this and loved it.	Cars will think is a motorcycle coming when you ride at night.	Great little light- bright, small and
We avoided the inconvenience of reordering, but still bear the expense of the extra kit.	Being a senior, I used these to lift my couch up.	They are very handy to raise the bed the right amount to be able to slide plastic storage units under the bed.	But it allows me to easily roll those under the bed plastic boxes out of sight.	I used them to raise my living room sofa up a
I use mine to develop websites, write HTML code, create documents and spreadsheets, edit photos, etc.	Must keep power consuming satellite dish on to make it operate.	I can not use it plugged in.	Minor concern is the power adapter, plug is very small and the contact area with the computer is also small which leads to questionable durability.	I really only need a computer to stream Netflix/Hulu, browse the web, create documents, email, and
I have thick, but straight hair.	It makes my thick, coarse hair feel super soft.	Their dry shampoo is amazing also.	Love this product.	Brought my hair back to life!	I have a lot of fine curly hair that gets weighed down if the formula is too heavy but this is perfect for my hair type.	It smells amazing.	I love Amika hair products, i have the shampoo, conditioner and the dry shampoo spray.	Not
to rec any channels to make it usable.	I have it attached to another antenna with the included attaching extension.	CHANNELS HERE IN THE MIAMI AREA.	It will do nothing, no picture, no sound.	Having said that, this makes a nice personal portable TV.	In 50 miles have no idea what to in order to pickup local stations.	2) it takes a very strong signal to watch anything.	I could not get a signal at
I really like this shelving unit.	I bought this for my husband.	I want to buy another one for a different room in our house!	It feels really sturdy too, overall great value!	Plenty of room between shelves to hold just about anything.	I am getting baskets to put on the shelves to help organize the storage.	It is an accent piece to give the room an industrial vibe.	Easy to assemble and looks like
I am EXTREMELY happy with this purchase.	this piece is amazing.	Such a simple, simple oversight, but such a grave mistake that its evidence of a pretty poor supply company.	I took a star away because the assembly instructions are horrible.	This will take a time to assemble, as there are alot of parts and steps.	It took me 4 hours by myself, and I'm pretty good at putting furniture together.	I recommend 2 people
upgraded from a VueZone, and love this camera.	Quality of image is pretty good, can see main features of faces.	I like everything about this camera.	It also seems more sensitive which is great.	My husband and kids can view my shop from the ipad inside the house, then talk to me through the camera.	It also does particularly well even with just satellite internet.	Not a huge deal, but a small inconvenience.	Each camera
I love this and want to get some more, easy to set up and use	Also have an Alexa plug.	Instructions are very easy to understand and the Kasa app makes it simple to get up and going.	It will start blinking blue at anytime.	At least I can use both outlets on the electrical plate with this one.	I plan on buying another plug for my coffee pot next.	I have seen the other
I believe this model design is not a unique one but a common one mass produced in China and rebranded.	I attached it to the base of my power rack.	Love the landmine and tricep bar is solid too.	I see no problems arising since the design is simply and everything well constructed.	Fast shipping, great product, love it!	I attached it to the leg on my treadmill.	Love this product.	I hate spending money
I bought two and mounted on quad monitor stands with another two 24 inch LCD.	I purchased the monitor in Sept. 2015 and this past week - - May 2016 the monitor just quit working.	Unfortunately, I am returning this monitor.	When I first got this monitor I hated it.	It isn't a good value at that price point.	Hoping this was a rarity.	I did not have any buzzing or backlight bleed as other
I need those to connect 2 scanners, printer, backup drive, mouse and keyboard.	Great condition everything works!!!	Had this PC for a week now.	There is an app on the computer that can also control the lighting.	Most of the time have to fight with it to make the wifi work.	They sent me a new fan free of charge.	I never tried it yet, but this gaming PC look awesome!	I like this computer
Google assistant driven remote was a surprise.	Overall I think the Sony is definitely a step above the competition.	XBR’s are in my opinion the best consumer tv’s on the market, always have been.	It is just as good as an Oled.	I love watching anything that is displayed in dolby vision or 4k.	I no longer need to use my firestick with this TV as it has Alexa built in.	I do like this
Not sturdy at all.	I use 4 slim type ice packs and still have plenty of room and keeps item cold until late afternoon.	Bought this as a replacement for my previous lunch bag, which was ruined by a bottle which leaked inside.	Looks exactly like the pics seems to be waterproof feels durable and is a nice color.	I really liked the size of this bag, the look, and the shoulder strap!	Had a
I used it at the public shooting range to measure the distance from the bench to the targets.	Super compact to pack up the mountain with you, easy to use even with the thickest of gloves.	I "settled" on this one.	I bought this product to range distances while hunting.	Need more time before I can fully decide.	Unless your picking something up within 10 yards.	900 yard max.	I would recommend this product.	Bought
Very well constructed toddler gloves.	great for the price, my 11 year old son and his friends love these	Bought this for my 3 and 4 1/2 year old's kids' MMA class.	Its a great tactic.	Allows them to punch the bag without hurting their hands.	I bought this for my 4 years old son.	These look more professionally made, and not just toy gloves.	got these for my 4 year old and he loves
First utility knife I've ever bought that actually felt solid and high quality.	I was torn between this model and theone of the same brand.	I've even used it to cut different plastics.	So far the knife works just fine, and is much easier to use than many I've had in the past.	Otherwise, love it.	They are very strong, durable, extremely sharp and can always remain sharp by clipping the dull part of blade
I love the Dash Cam.	I'm planning on buying a second one for my car.	I bought this camera because it records front and back at the same time.	Also the safety of the recording front and back is a plus can Literally help you if you ever get into a car accident.	How do I get a warranty exchange?	It will not pull down my factory mirror the way the Auto-Vox does.	The video
Good assortment of colors but the formula is kind of dry and chalky.	very messy and have to apply about 6 layers to get any color.	Love this product.	I love all the colors in the set.	Meh, its okay the shades are standard wish all the bronze color where a lot more pigmented and brighter Ok palette if your just starting off	They lend themselves nicely to layering.	Gorgeous pallet, perfect for my skin/eye
Wanted one that made blade change/replacement a lot easier.	Am glad I saved money and bought this one!	I like my new saw very much.	I went for the more budget friendly option.	In order to fix, the cast iron assembly requires dismantling to access the wires.	I bought this for my husband to make deer antler jewelry.	Maybe I got a bad one, I’ll never know.	I have been using this one for months.
Chin strap could be a lot better also.	I love it fat kid friendly.	I have had Dye masks before and all had no problems until now!!!	Lens looks clear in the pic but is dark as heck even when you peel off the protective film.	I have gone through many mask and finally broke down and picked this one up.	The best i can buy.... Never fog up, great ventilation, and keep the eyes
My bag ripped at the seam on the main compartment zipper...customer service reached out and rectified the matter with urgency and care...many thanks, and refreshing!	Too roomy.	I like the bottom section of it.	Looking forward to travel to put it to the test.	I bought this for my husband.	But appears sturdy and well made.	I expect my luggage to go the distance, and give me many years of service ... Fred Gonzalez	2nd
Been out in the rain, snow, heat and cold and still holds up AWESOME.	Not sturdy.	Bought this for my 14 year old son.	For added stability, you can weld on a piece of steel that you can attach to a wall	I really liked this.	I highly recommend a small adjustable wrench.	wish I had known it has a 300 lb weight limit.	Too many screws.	It is awesome, but I'm missing 2 polygon
I actually ended up using this as hand lotion at bedtime.	I have a habit of running around barefoot, and in time my feet were getting sore and forming callused areas.	It was recommended to me by a podiatrist.	I really like this foot cream.	I am very pleased with it.	This stuff is A-MAZING!!	Very hydrating.	It works like a charm.	I am very happy to have found a product that works.	My dermatologist
I have really benefited from using Arnica Oil.	I reco mend the product and the company, five plus stars....	Buy a few at a time to save on shipping cost.	I am on my third bottle, month to go till my due date.	It does give a slight warmth when being used to massage.	Love this product!!	LOVE this stuff and great value.	I use this oil after I shower to keep the moisture intact
Words cannot express how happy am I with this mattress.	I actually purchased it to replace a much more expensive sleep number bed.	I had read about an odor some people had experienced.	I have already recommended to my friends that paid a lot more for other beds.	I read the reviews that others posted about this mattress and it help me make make the choice.	We have had it for over a month now,
I liked almost everything about this product.	Super simple setup, and works a charm.	I ordered 2 from Amazon.	It runs the games I want to play and is at a great price.	I do reach out the support team couple times and do gpu and ram test but I guess no luck.	Looking back this was a great choice.	Such a great PC, no lag issues in games or anything like that!	Bought this
Too small.	I wish I had thought about this and gotten white AS WELL as the nude and black.	They cost much more at a drug store or other stores like Duane Reade.	Out of 7 pairs, I wore the first pair yesterday and a second pair today.	I am ready to face a 4.5 hour plane ride, and 8 theme parks in Florida, thanks to my wonderful, but over ambitious sister in law!	These
I like it very much.	I love it though.	I love the idea of this portable light that I bought two.	love this light omg the color and brightness and features are off the charts	I bought this for lighting in my gamer room.	Unless you’re ready to dump money into this, skip it.	nice light very short battery life and is useless without the bridge	Basically this is a cool-looking flashlight/nightlight.	Ended up buying
I wish the arms would lock into the seat but that is a minor issue.	I love this product.	Needs thicker cushion but love this chair over all!	Overall I am quite pleased with it.	I have had this table for a year now and I absolutely hate it.	It comes with the chair and a stool.	This tattoo set is an excellent starter kit!	I’m 5’7 and this is about 1-2 inches too tall
Able to receive strong signal in a home about 2300sqf.	The thing works like a charm and has a very strong signal.	When I had the Comcast modem and eero router, I never had the issues I have now.	We have over 15 devices attached including 2 4K tv sticks and have not buffered once!	Difficult to get configured with Comcast.	However, that took longer than necessary because the sticker on the bottom that gives
Love this product.	It did a umber one me.	Love the bright color of this Pilates ring - came with a sleek black nylon drawstring bag.	I felt the strength of using this Pilates Ring from the moment I first used it.	I ordered the pink and the colors of the ring and yellow logo on the side pads were true to the photo.	I decided to pay a little more and hope that the
