It’s a nice design, fit snug around my big head. I’m not sure what shower caps go for, but because of what the company stands for I didn't mind the price.
Super easy to put together, although it's weird the instructions are on 2 pieces of paper and not together. The pack is a great value and I love that it even comes with light bulbs. Easy assembly. But as I said I wish it was taller. The height is awkward and I feel like it's like a $2 fix for them to add another piece of metal to extend it. But whatever. It's nice for the price
Amazing camera with lots of cool features. Totally worth it.
I purchased one prior to this one and it peals apples beautifully but it didn't hold up very long. I still bought another one because of the ease in pealing and the amount of peals it was able to take off while taking just a sliver of the apple itself.
My son loves this pitchback! He's constantly outside practicing his pitching. Even his older brothers and their friends (22+ yr olds) are impressed with the quality of this rebounder!
I wear size 10.5 and ordered size 11. I had to return the boot because it was to narrow for my foot. Otherwise it looked like a nice boot.
handle pulls out when you are trying to move it with the wheels. the latch that keeps the lid closed almost instantly broke on the first trip out with it. Overall a super poor product, build extremely cheaply with many plastic parts where metal components should be.
Normally cost $500 through Nixon... which is where I brought the Stainless Steel colored one. Shipped next day! Box was perfect. The watch was great. came it the extra link!. The gold color is amazing. If you are looking to get an awesome watch... this is it! Gave it as a gift....sshhh..... no need to tell him it was roughly $150 less that what he think :)
Ordered this microwave for a full office. We set it up and tested it out. The microwave is defective, the cooling fan makes a terribly scary loud noise and the inside of the microwave overheats. This is very disappointing. Amazon should stop selling this and Toshiba should discontinue this product.
I bought this sunscreen for a Hawaiian holiday recommended by my dermatologist. I got a severe rash in just a few hours with just one application. I'm not allergic to anything but now I have found one product that I will stay completely away from. It was disasterous! I took pictures to show to my dermatologist and to send to the company.
While I do love it. I give it a 3 star due to many rubber holes in the handheld showerhead are cut or pushed in ,making the water stream not flow straight. While the water should all flow evenly straight out of the holes, I have about 10 holes out of wack and spit water in all directions, then flowing outside of shower stall and causing a big mess.
I was debating very hard on what TV to finally get myself for Black Friday and I couldn’t have been happier. What sold me was the AirPlay feature. I have so much shows and movies on iTunes I wanted to be able to watch them on my TV with no problem and this TV does just that. Picture wise this TV is beautiful. Games like Resident Evil 2 take full advantage of the HDR mode this TV has and makes games look even better if you have the PS4. Interface is easy to navigate as well. I love this TV.
Product is exactly as shown. Sliders are good quality and it shipped quickly! All good!
This is the first mascara I’ve found that doesn’t clump or flake. Love it!
Ideal travel bag. Handles a suit and all I need for a week of air travel with no waiting for luggage.
This is a steel toe boots But it doesn't say that in Features
Great photos. It'll take some learning to adjust the settings, but I've already taken hundreds of gorgeous photos of primarily family and pets - can't wait to get into the more detailed settings to see what this machine can do! Love that it has the weather resistant casing, so I don't have to treat it like it's about to break every time I touch it.
I bought these to use with my mandolin. They work great. It gave me a bit more confidence because mandolins can be dangerous.
Amazing! I was skeptical to order a duvet online without feeling it but all the reviews were great so we went with it. So happy we did because this duvet does not disappoint! It is SO SOFT I can't believe I was thinking about purchasing one four times it's price! I would highly recommend
My wife has been using vitamin C for 5 years now and her skin looks better now than it did back then. People are constantly telling her her skin looks like a 20-year old. She has tried multiple different serums and always comes back to this one stating it has the best smell, consistency, action and the greatest price.
This spiralizer is a sheer joy to use! The large suction cup on the bottom holds amazingly well on a smooth countertop! The positive latch system on the blades feel a lot safer than the old way. The blade holding cup is just another bonus! Brieftons has hit a home run with this improved model!
Good quality beam, sturdy housing. Seems to work better on the c-cells than on the 12-volt adapter which is why I downgraded it a star.
The bottle I received feels like water. When I put this on, it feels exactly like pure water. i wrote the seller asking some questions, but no answer .
Works great. Not as simple as plug in USB port and go - must install software first.
internet drops hi I bought this router on July, replacing my apple time capsule 3tb just because the vpn, I'm always out of Usa , set up the says 3200 is easy but my internet connection drops all the time I don't know why is not the Internet modem cuz I hooked backup my time capsule and everything works smooth and I have setup with the dual wan the aqua 3200 and is a nightmare every time I want to surf is ridiculously how i have to wait days or weeks so it can optain an IP address so I can surf if somebody have this same issues please help me out I have already update firmware
Love the pan - used it yesterday! Thanks for the speedy service!
I purchased this exclusively to put desktop workstations on it while i imaged them. I figured i could put two on top and two on the bottom so I wouldnt have to go to the work bench and sit there all day. This way i can stay at my workstation and image computers and not skip a beat. I'm more productive because I dont have to keep going back and forth to check on the workstations. Once the disc is done i can see it open up and slip in disc two and keep on working.
So, the comforter is great for about a month and then it goes downhill from there. First few months it started to create lint pieces in my laundry so we had to get a whole new machine. I'm a sweaty sleeper, and this blanket did nothing but help my puddle expand! Last few months it was a hassle to get the smell out, I tossed this garbage where it belonged.
Right out of the box, the Polar FT4 is easy to operate and guides you through the set up. The chest band is comfortable and I hardly even notice it when I am exercising. I love this watch and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an easy way to track the calories they burn.
These gloves are very convenient for running while still keeping your hands free. The finger cutouts are a bit tight, but these are for women and Im a 6ft 220lbs man, so its understandable.
Was way sturdier than expected and has too much tension. Does not stretch out at all, which I thought it would so if that’s what you think this does then this is not what you need. May have misread how you use it. For me not a good fit but for those who ate already pretty fit might like it.
Best purchase in a long time. Use it all the time. Has made my addiction to onion rings a lot easier to live with !! Lol
I HAVE ONLY USED THIS SEVERAL TIMES, AS I HAVE JUST RECEIVED IT, BUT IT MAKES MY HAIR VERY SOFT, AND IT FEELS VERY CLEAN. I WILL HAVE TO USE IT FOR AWHILE TO SEE IF IT HELPS TO THICKEN MY HAIR, BUT SO FAR I LOVE IT. I WOULD BE INTERESTED IN TRYING SOME OF THEIR OTHER PRODUCTS. WILL UPDATE IN A WEEK.
This Jane Iredale item is great for me to use every day!
Adding to previous review: Emailed customer support about a replacement/back-up pot and actually received a personal response with the info I need! So pleasant to deal with real people. Make a pot each morning with freshly ground beans, love that I have a few cups of HOT coffee to start the day. Easy to use, easy to clean. Concerned I will bang the glass pot against the counter and break it one of these days, so will order a back up pot.
I've had this pack for a while. It's actually quite durable and gets the job done. If the one I has ever dies I will definitely pick up another one if it is available.
This kit is a Super Buy! The product is not cheap and so far stands up to the DeWalt brand name.
This machine makes great tasting coffee very fast and looks good on the counter. The plastic parts feel flimsy (wish they were made of, say, metal or glass, for sturdiness and health reasons too), and the basket moves around as we maneuver the carafe in and out.
Love this TV. Everything looks and wrks as described. Only lack of sleep timer kept it from 5 stars.
Seems to be really good quality, its my first beard comb so I don't have anything to reference. I love the sticker that came with it.
I use the T50's as front L & R, a TSX series centre channel, a set of tsx220b bookshelf speakers for surround channel and a Polk 10" subwoofer for a complete 5.1 surround system. System is powered with a Denon 720w AV receiver. The T50's offer excellent tonal balance and clarity with crisp detail in musical reproduction. They work well with a subwoofer to offer low end bass but truly shine in a 5.1 setup as described. Very satisfied with this setup and can easily recommend these to anyone seeking quality speakers within budget.
I hardly ever write a review, this is an exception for an exceptional product. So, here is an update to my original review: I have had this product for roughly 2 years, and I could not be happier with it. It stopped brewing yesterday, cleaned it per user manual, and it started working again. User manual recommends the cleaning procedure weekly, I had never cleaned it, as I use filtered water. So, 1-time cleaning in 2 years, and we are back in business!
Came in timely manner. Easy to put on, not too bulky. Dogs and my furniture love it
My two year old granddaughter loves it and the adults think its the cutest bank they have ever seen. Only negative that keeps it from receiving five stars is that coins put in the bank get stuck in the hollow legs. Stuffing the legs with tissue or cotton prevents this from happening. Other than that, the piggy bank is a clear winner. I heartily recommend it!
Update: while the product didn’t work very well for me, customer service at this company is great! They offered me a refund when they saw my bad review (which I turned down because I’m still going to use these strips; pulling out some whiteheads is better than nothing). Compared to Biore pore strips, these were much stickier, harder to get off, and did not pull out as many whiteheads.
this thing is so small it looks like a toddler toy.
I love this as an alternative to some of the other lip paints and stains. It only takes a tiny bit. The challenge is getting is applied smoothly with all the brilliant depth of color. I like it and will buy it again.
It's great. I love it, when it gets hot though its loud hahaha but other than that its good. Lets see in 4 month of view
These golf shoes are the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever had. I plan on buying Skechers "Tennis" shoes if they make them??? Price was affordable too.
Nice quality, sturdy and well padded cushion. Installing the metal poles are a bit tricky. Looks exactly as pictured.
Lamp color is more of a brown than bronze, very lovely spiral leaf over a nice opaque glass globe. Took me about 7 minutes to assemble with no issues. Many have stated that they are unable to screw the parts together correctly; the solution to that, which I used, was first to just spray a little silicone spray and they went together with EASE and correctly. The lamp has a very HEAVY/STURDY bottom and sits up straight on my thick carpet. If I needed a 2nd lamp I would definitely buy this one again because of the attractiveness and bright light that it is capable of.
They're a little goofy and unlikely looking, and the they're not the most durable gloves in the world (it didn't take too long for a previous pair to develop holes along the seams). However, two things: 1) they really do work well protecting your hands in airsoft, and 2) the pique/mesh material, while not overly durable, does a good job keeping your hands from overheating in warm weather. Probably more of a 3.5-star item than a 4-star item. Recommended, particularly for the price.
I have to say that this was a pleasure purchase, but is so helpful now. For example, if I arrive late home I can ask my google home to turn on the bed light so when I come in my room is more comfortable for me. Also, was very easy to install with the google home app, another great feature is that you can change the name of the switches to bed light, massager. Whatever you are going to plug in to the strip.
Well worth the price, great product, use both their wood floors and laminates products, drys quickly with very little odor.
Wife loves it, has yet to use it actually in a pool though.
First easy to clean. Secondly the machine leaks only when I use this brand below the handle. I think they used the milling machine to long . They work fine, its just they al.ost had it.
Great TV for the money. Using it sporadically with 4K, assuming more to come. Color calibrated with a Spyder HD and it is as trustworthy as you can expect an LCD TV to be. And did I mention the price?
Lots of really cool tips and tricks! I've read lots of manuals and was confident I'd seen most of the stuff I would read before, but this book had lots of concepts I'd never seen or thought of. Great read!
So far great computer for the price. Very fast clean crisp monitor all working very well so far I’ve only had it a week but I love it
My son likes how it fits and that he is able to move freely behind the plate. I also have been pleased with this product.
This is everything I was everything I was looking for and more! While I have a good size brush collection, I still hate trying to clean one quick to switch to another color only to realize all of the first color was never off. This is a staple in my makeup bag because it made it so easy & fast, and actually gets my brush CLEAN. Definitely recommend!
I don't have a home business, but still find as a family we do a fair amount of printing as well as scanning. This is possibly an overkill for my needs but offers all the functionality needed and for not much more than other offerings all the functionality desired. Not much bigger than the Cannon it replaces, but way outclasses it. With wi-fi connect I can now place my printer somewhere else so it is not hogging up my desktop. So, even while slightly bigger its size has dramatically less impact.
Pretty & soft gloves. The fingers are a little on the long side.
great bag, just as described. fits my c3 drill with battery separated from it, along with a charger and drill bit set. made a nice kit.
This little guy was easy to put up and nicely designed. I did not realize, however, that the screen vents are not covered. So if it's cold and there's any wind at all, it gets quite cold inside. This is my fault for not reviewing the details thoroughly before buying. I'll keep it around for a nice April-September option.
I make myself 1 or 2 espresso,s a day--love the crema.
I bought this for my 17 yr old daughter. She figured out all the features in like 10 minutes and I’m the hero. Not easy to install though and the YouTube videos are not v helpful. Got it installed for less than $100
Works good....dont install the dvd bloat ware included on cd,,,plenty of free burning programs out there,,that dont take up as much of your hard drive..
Love this product and have used it for several years. My hair is color treated and this helps with tangles and leaves my hair softer and more manageable. Light, fresh scent. Highly recommend.
This chalk doesn't destroy my hands like other brands. I get dry hands in the winter, so when I use chalk at the gym it can make my hands unbearable. Luckily, this product doesn't do that.
Very lightweight. Long lasting. I love this toothbrush and I get to help save the planet.
Extremely thick. Warmed it up for easier application. NOT painless. Videos make it seem easier than it really is. Kinda messy.
I bought this one because it was a 2 pack and a good value compared to other brands I looked at. My heel callouses were pretty bad and I wanted to make my feet ready for summer and sandal wear! I followed the directions....it does take quite awhile for skin to all slough off so patience is required, but after a few weeks my feet were noticeably smoother and heel callouses were gone.
A big gust of wind came and busted the main pole, the first and only time we used it. It is a nice tent.
I love soft boiled eggs for breakfast. Used to spend a lot of time peeling eggs before. Ruined a lot of them. Tried all the tricks. NO MORE. Theze things are great.
Works great for all my gaming needs. Glad I went with this one after doing a bunch of research. Not a single connection issue so far and it's been a while now. Nat stays open, ping stays low and consistent.
Liked curlers still gave stars deserved dislike my hair is too short there better for long hair
This Beam exceeded my expectations. It is very sturdy and my daughter LOVES it!
A great lock, good cost, and very easy to use for my 10 year old son. He needed a lock for his locker at the YMCA where he swims 5 days a week. He doesn't have to remember a dial code - just a number code
Great product! Very nice glasses and I like the size options
Haven't even used this, it is not useable! The basket doesn't fit into the lid so the lid will not close properly. Even without the basket the lid does not fit tight. If I were to try to pour coffee from this the lid would fall right off! Also, the basket assembly if very flimsy aluminum and would not last long anyway. We have a lot of coffee percolators and this is the worst one I have ever had. Not happy and I am returning it for refund right away.
Do not buy this scope!!! It does not hold zero. I didnt hit the target once from 100yds and i shoot about 80 rds.
This clear bag is what I really need. Perfect size. It can fit all my essentials including my fave makeup prouducts. Would recommend this to anyone.
Our daughter loves these, they are easy to put on, she has some coordinate issues, as well sensory, she doesn't like the long socks, or the ankle short ones, so these are perfect for year round as well, they are made well, and have lasted her a long time, since we have been purchasing them for the last 4 years or so..
I'm a solid 3X in everything. This bra is hilariously small and unsupportive. If you're hoping for classic plus-size disappointment in the form of spill-over uniboob, look no further.
Inside gloves got pilled and worn after one use. Outside mittens were too short and exposed wrists. Wayyyyyy too many long dangling strings and cords and tighteners for one set of anything.
Very quiet, large water reservoir, plenty touch setting for humidity levels. Happy I bought this.
My only feedback would be that it feels kinda flimsy, but it does a great job on carpet and floor.
I bought this for my bathroom because, and I quote, "I am not getting ready at your house if you don't do something about the lighting and mirror in the bath". This was my solution, and it met with the high standard of illuminessance and reflection that is necessary to properly apply makeup and not be a savage.
Everything I wanted in a rock hammer, this provided. I'm an amateur naturalist who uses this for rock hounding, fossil hunting, flipping rocks or cover boards looking for herps. etc. works perfect.
These are utter garbage; a slight breeze knocks them over if you aren’t sitting in them. It fell over once and a bolt fell out, now the canopy won’t stay up. Don’t buy.
I've always loved these shoes. 3rd pair my favorite shoes. All the new shoes are ugly.
They work good. No problems at all. I would by them again. The large range of sizes is what I was looking for.
The delivery was quick and the gloves fit as described.
It fit like it was supposed to, great protection at the beach. Just a slightly snug in the arms but it worked.
Does exactly what it says. Ran with it 20-30x now. Up to 5 miles at a time. Nothing broken or degraded. It’s able to be adjusted such that it sits comfortably around my waist, no bouncing, doesn’t restrict breathing. Great for phone, ID, key/keycard. I wouldn’t try to carry any more in there.
I think for a party it would be better i am using 2 of the for my pc setup. Sometimes they fall out of sync for some amount of time. You can hear when they snap back. When they are out you get like a cave ecco. I think this is a software thing that can be fixed easley.
do NOT waste your $. When it works, its an awesome product...but good luck if it doesn't. They just tried charging me $30 bucks for techinical support when THEIR app stopped working... even when I had called in before the warranty expired with the same issue, they still wouldn't honor it. I paid for their box, I paid for the app, I watch the BS commercials they force feed on your desktop player. It's a pyramid scheme in a box, and I wish I'd never supported this awful company
We didn't need as much bottom as the kids like. This little speaker works perfectly for this old Baby Boomer.
Works like they should, just wish they had more light. 60 Watt equivalent in not really enough.
where has this been all my life...I use to stick my phone in, listen to Spotify on runs...hate the arm bands...I don't even know this is on my body. Love it!
I like that this is adjustable and I like the features like the soap area, book area and a place for a hand towel. Good quality and has silicone pads to put on the bottom so it stays in place!
Love it, doesn’t make any noise and rocks smooth, big enough to fit tall person comfortably
I was pleasantly surprised with this TV. Normally I'm skeptic to try a new brand, but it was reviewed highly on the net. Turns out it's not a bad TV at all. 1080p, Roku built in. It's used in my teen kids room for his PS4 and he loves it. Sound is a bit on the low end, it has a super bass setting that does super nothing lol, but it don't sound horrible. We have had it for a few weeks now, I will edit if anything changes for the worse.
They are bright for their size, and the light sensors work very well so far. The room doesn't have to be completely black for them to turn on. As soon as I do turn a light on they turn off. Great for a hallway and home theater room I use them in.
Not as good as Reband but very good all the same
Love cyberpowers UPS's. I have a large unit for my desktop and networking equipment that has served me well for years and has proven its worth during multiple brown/black outs so I ordered this one for my game consoles. Havent had to test it against a surge or blackout yet but it works great otherwise!
Plastic cracks easily when applying pressure to get these into the ground. Also I am having difficulty getting these to stay on for more than a couple of hours. Wouldn't recommend.
product received as promised. Seem to be just what I was looking for and I look forward to using them. Thanks.
Fan is fairly noisy. I installed a smaller pulley on the motor. Problem solved. Slowed the fan down a little bit. Quieted right up. Works great.
I bought this bed frame because the old lady wanted space under the bed to store items. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars on something more sturdy. This frame is made in China. The middle supports legs are not strong enough to support any weight. Additionally, if you have hard wood floors, be sure to place a rug under this frame as it will chip and grind away at whatever is underneath the bed posts. Amazon delivered this item quickly which is why I gave the product two stars.
Good, well made boot. However, I find the inner sole needs extra cushion. Thin, gel inner soles needed. Five stars otherwise.
The wine Decanter I just purchased from Amazon. com. is exactly what I wanted. I went to a few stores, however, they did not have what i was look for. A wine decantor needs a very wide bace and Amazon. com had exactly what I was looking for. I hope this helps. best, John R. Tracy.
First item ordered was cracked halfway through the wood bark. The second replacement also had the same issue. Very inconvenient and waste of time.
Large if your medium (I ordered small and had to reorder this large one - gave medium to friend). These are uber affordable though so will stick with them. If you're slightly above medium get an XtraLarge
This came as a pack of three. On the first day, one of them broke into pieces when I was giving the normal "free the ice" twist. Two weeks later, the second one lost one of the rubber bottoms when I was pushing an ice cube out. These are also much smaller than a standard ice cube tray. I would never buy these again. Nice idea, poor execution.
These are amazing quality and much cheaper than a box store.
I use this thing every day, it's so easy. I highly recommend!
I was worried about authenticity of this product since it came from Amazon but this smells/feels/looks just like all the other Bioderma I have purchased previously from Beautylish. This water is great for cleansing your face after the gym, and taking off lighter makeup at night instead of using heavy oils.
We love this cup. It's a hit with our coffee group. The only caution to give is that it can keep a hot item hot a lot longer than usual. We ordered two and we still love our cups.
Basic clock radios are becoming hard to find, but we still have guests that do not use phones for alarms. So we needed a no frills clock radio for our guest room. This is inexpensive and so far performs well. Also it is very simple to set and use.
My bourbon turns greenish brown! Something reacts with the metal. Can't use it anymore.
Such great rain boots! If you wear a 1/2 size order a size down.
Logitech is the only way to go in low to mid end universal remotes. A must have for any single or family situation.
I could not have asked for a better corset! The fit is perfect and it is very very sturdy. This is not a corset to excercise in and is not like the flimsy, latex things that I have seen "claiming" to be corsets. This is a true corset and is used frequently and correctly, it will gradually reduce the size of your waist. I love mine and plan on purchasing another once I fit into the next smallest size.
Great little heater! I was surprised at how much heat it can generate. It’s also small and portable, easy to move around and in between rooms.
Absolutely amazing. For the price this computer is great. It excels in nearly everything. The only thing that it is lacking is an outstanding graphics card but everything else is fantastic.
Camera arrived on time in an unopened box. Everything that tit said it cmwould come with, came with it. No problems with the camera and I've used it to its max potential and it's still operating like it's new!
If you have had other types of nose hair trimmers and have never been happy because they don't cut well or also cause you pain you should just buy this and know it works. The design of the cutter works beyond words at trimming nose hair yet has never nicked the skin or pulled a hair. I'm amazed this works so well after so many don't actually do their designed job. The kit here is better than the brick & mortar store kits due to the extra accessories and bag. The straight bar trimmer works great at trimming side burns or I'd assume beard/mustache trims too. No regrets with this purchase.
THANK YOU IT’s great.i whant to buy 1 more .please can i gat some sale ?
This is a great product for a great price. Installed very easily.. Only concern I had was the view angle was limited but the seller said they had a 15 degree wider angle version which they would send me. I’m looking forward to getting that and will update my review based on that. Update - I upgraded to 5 stars. The seller sent me a wider angle camera and that allows me to see the corner edges better. Very satisfied and the seller is great.
+ Very helpful to sit straight at your desk. - Not able to fold it flat. Takes lot's of space.
Got this for my son for Christmas, he has had no issues, cold, roomy inside and doesn't take up too much space! Decent price. Thank You!
It is impossible to get music downloaded on the watch. You cannot download from you phone (apple or android) or tablet. According to the community chat rooms (because there is no support), you should be able to download an app on your laptop, but that is a dead end because the download never goes through. Could be security settings...could be some other compatibility...I'll never know because there is no support. I bought this phone (which is HUGE by the way) so I could listen to music without lugging my phone around. Now I have a tank on my wrist and still need to carry my phone to listen to music.
We thought this was needed to make restaruant quality fejitas. Not so. This is known as "sizzle ware". The fejits are cooked in the kitchen and tossed on this real hot plate for serving. If done correctly, the juices fry on teh pan and flavor the meal as it is being served. Yes, we do recomend this sizzle ware. It just is not to cook on. Works really god doing what it is supposed to do.
Fantastic mattress. I'd choose it any day over a box spring mattress. If there were more than 5 stars, I'd give it 100!
Works great. Covers the golf card nicely. No trouble putting it on and I like the color. Price was just right.
Literally changed my quality of my work. Best thing i ever invested in. Check out my Instagram and YouTube to see how it’s looks . I use a canon T5i btw. IG: Antdafnmanz / AllAnglesMatter - YouTube AntDaFnManz
I haven't used it much yet, but so far it works good.
I was little worried that the stretcher would be too cheap and not do it's job and I was wrong! This little gadget is a great deal and is really effective! It comes with little plastic balls that you can place where you need some extra room on the stretcher.
I own the one with the head phone jack and love it. Got this one for the back room TV. No issues.
How many times have you been at an event or gathering and wondered, is that my wine glass? Well fret no more! These cute little drink markers take away the guessing element, especially as the night goes on and you've had a few. We've all been there and while some may say, they're totally unnecessary, I can attest that they certainly come in handy! So if you're someone who entertains, or has a gathering every once in a while, even expect family and friends over for the holidays, these markers add a great touch of eliminating waste & identifying yours from the rest!
At first it seemed to be working; now, not so much. When I realized what it was I was not happy. It is simply the moisture granules that you put in potting soil and add water. They swell. Fragrance was added and this size cost nearly $40! What was I thinking! I already have the granules so I'm going to play with making some myself for a lot cheaper.
I love this. Makes Costco trips from my car to my home so much easier. I had bought it for a "just in case" moment. Turned out I needed to move just 2 weeks after getting it and it made the process 100x better.
I love this little device,compact easy to use and most importantly makes a great cup of joe!
This stuff is AMAZING! I have pretty good skin and am in my late 20's, and I try a ton of different skin care items. This was one of my first Asian beauty purchases, and I will definitely re-buy. My pores look smaller, and this makes my face feel so clean, it's very foamy. I use this with my Clarisonic, and use a cleansing oil beforehand to remove all makeup. For the price, it's better than a lot of high-end cleansers I have tried.
Amazing picture quality! I use streaming services exclusively and the video is just unreal! 4K streams render nicely as well
Came broken see pic. Description said solid maple. It's pressboard with like a shelf paper on it that looks like real wood. You can see it's pressboard in the pic. No durability, came with small tear already in the "shelf paper". Even dropped down to 84 dollars it's overpriced. -1 star for being broken -1 for not as described and - 1 for value
I’ve had this bike for over 2 years and never have had to worry if it will work or not. It’s a work horse. I use the built in interval timer for a quick workout that I know will leave me huffing and puffing. I also use the bike for one hour medium paced rides to build up my stamina and knee strength. For the long rides I usually put my phone on the ledge of the display screen. It is noisy but I usually use headphones to drowned out the noise.
I like it, it’s useful for when I’m in bed typing. But my laptop DOES slide down if I lean in any way. It needs a non slip top or coating of some kind.
This product made my husband's life easier when lifting our extremely heavy king sized bed since the mates didn't have any handles. It made the large armoire easier as well. It was worth the preventative backache for less than $30!
Excellent lens works great for what I needed it for.
Have used for while now, very good wifi signals trou the hole house
The only issue with this printer is that in order to scan multiple pages it must be connected via USB. I did also have issue with Epson software not being able to find the printer on a machine. Luckily, I'm good with software and networks and fixed the issue Prints fast. I love being able to print for any pc or Mac in the house. Ink is sorta expensive, but I guess all ink is
My son loves these, fit was ideal and they look great.
We use it when camping. It has been thru wind, rain, sun and performs well. Very sturdy. Easy to erect (heh, heh. He said erect) I see that others have a problem with that -- they either are trying too hard, not hard enough, or forgot to read the instructions. The storage device is well thought out with easy insertion, and the wheels on the case come in real handy.
Great toothpaste my main go to, it prevents me from getting canker sores just wished it whitened a little better
Getting it up and running (broadcasting WIFI) really did take about three minutes. It took about 30 minutes to get the other features up and running (guest login, desktop login, app login etc). Haven't tried the home automation stuff yet, just haven't made time, though it looks easy. Great product.
These were a gift to my son. He loves them and started wearing them the day that they came in. Excellent fit and very sturdy appearance. We will see how long they stand up to the "destroyer of boots!" LOL
This is a horrible bean bag chair. The inner bag broke within three months. And, the whole chair was now like a deflated balloon (see photo for the size compared with a 15” Mac book pro), not useable! Had contacted seller for refund, and had not seen response. Avoid this expensive junk.
The only thing I would use to clean my ceramic top stove!
Very easy to put up and bowl myself. Used for camping. . Loved it
Can't beat the price for a weekly schedule timing or just a daily timing.
My doctor suggested I get some form of hand exercise devise to deal with a troublesome "trigger finger" (really, that's what the ailment is called). I ordered the one with a "senior" resistance level and I found it extremely well made, and I used it faithfully. It sort of like have trumpet valves with no trumpet. Over a few weeks it it helped with my discomfort and I could feel that my hand had, overall, gained strength. It did exactly what it said it would. However, the first few days I thought the resistance was too light, and I overdid the repetitions. Sore hand! So, just "use as directed" and it should help you.
So after hearing all the hype I decided to try this concealer. While it’s not a bad concealer I don’t know if it lives up to its reputation. I have not loved it like I wanted to. It’s just ok.
Bought as a gift for £189 (purple colour) before the price spiked! When I tested them out I realised they were actually really good DJ headphones! No good for music production just incase anyone thinks they could be.
sluggish piece of trash. any time you open a program you wait, and wait, and wait, and wait. If you turn it from vertical to horizontal or vice versa you wait, and wait, and wait, and wait.
What a fun idea! I have used for kid and adult recipes. I cut the top off when ready to eat.
Solid brightness, easy to install and mount, very good for night riding. Very pleased with the results.
This product brought my bed frame to the height needed for me to comfortably get out of bed in the morning and make it. I would suggest a bed skirt to hide them as they aren't the "prettiest" to look at.
The laptop arrived with a broken seal on the box. The charger and power adapter bags were also opened. This was listed as a new product but was obviously not. Fortunately it was fully functional but this still makes me question this purchase.
I find Amika's soulful nursing mask the best thing for hair I've ever used. I found it excellent for taming the grey hairs that are beginning to appear in my hair too! I like it so much that I have given it as gifts to my friends across the US.
Not only did this TV not work AT ALL, my bank called me to tell me my credit card had been compromised. I refused to return it because I didn't want to give "someone" access to my new card, for the refund. I wanted to rate this a "0" star but apparently that is not allowed.
Beautiful end table. Good fit in our living room and great with our industrial decor.
This is a beautiful piece, however a lot to assemble.
Love the arlo system. We have 3 different kinds of these cameras (7 total) and I absolutely love them and even bought one for my son to watch his dog when he's at work and have recordings of when he does the visitation exchanges for his son to make sure his ex can't accuse him of any wrong doing/saying. I personally use mine not only for security but I have them indoors as well to monitor my elderly mother in law when I'm not home. The ability to move or hide them inside and out wherever you need them is the best feature anyone could possibly ask for.
I absolutely love this Smart Plug. It's so easy to use, easy to integrate with Alexa, and super functional. The app is also easy to use and program. I have 4 of these throughout the house and it makes life so easy. Would make a great gift too! Highly recommend!
I added this bad boy to my squat rack. I love this thing.
Great montior although a but big to justify a swivel option.
This is exactly what I need for a gaming pc. It's powerful yet pretty cheap compared to other PCs. I took one star out of it as the package was placed at the frondoor without any signature required, and that the stupiest thing to do, ever. Plus the remote for the LED came with a dead battery, I haven't bought a new battery to test it yet so I can't tell if it's just the battery or the remote itself doesn't work.
Great tv for the price and has lots of features that will make the tv enjoyable. The Google interface is a bit slow at times. The speakers sound way better than the speakers on my old LCD tv.
Not really enough insulation, so it doesn’t keep as cool as long, but it doesn’t fine. It does leak a bit via the zippers. You can’t completely seal it, so be careful. Make sure your thermos, Tupperware, etc with soups, liquids are sealed up good before you transport in this. But overall a decent lunch box for the price
Very impressed with this unit! I have been ranging reflective and non reflective targets between 300-1000 yards successfully with quick and accurate results. Nice lightweight package that is easy to operate and has great fit and finish! Vortex knocked this one out of the park! Longest successful ranging in clear daylight conditions is 1010 yards! This thing is great however if you are going to be ranging at or around it max range frequently I would step it up to the 1500 yard model!
These gloves are great for kids begging to learn, my kids loved them.
The host of BlackMagicCrafts told me about this product,and this tool has been a godsent.
The install was fairly straight forward. I found it difficult to thread connecting camera wire all the way to the back of my van. It barely reached and no extension was available at the time I inquired. Hopefully they will remedy that. The issue I have now is that if I leave the camera plugged into the power socket it will drain the battery. So no apparent safe guard for that I am researching now. But overall very good and necessary quality piece of technology.
I love the variety of shades. Some of them are very close in color, but just enough off to pick the perfect shade for the look I want. I only wish they were more pigmented. I have to use several pass overs to get good saturation, and I really do prefer minimalist eye shadow. The colors in the palet compliment my blue eyes. I don’t do shimmer, but most of the colors are matte. This is a nice set and great price.
Not a bad system. I like how easy it is to change blades, and how well designed it is.
What can I say I love it.. but it won't protect you from lasers pointers..
I have only taken it one one trip and like it very much. Time and travel will reveal durability but very pleased with it
This rack is great. Easy to assemble and really sturdy. I throw my unused weights on the stand and it doesn’t move at all. I am 5’11 and weigh 185 bench around 210 and clips have no issues. I can do pull ups, leg lifts, squats, bench, decline, incline and it does not move. I figured I would bolt it down but there is actually no need. I would recommend this to anyone and it gets complements from neighbor on the looks.
I love this stuff. Getting ready to order more! My feet have never looked so good.Going to Cancun in January and my feet will be ready! !
We don't use this for cellulite, but just for massage oil. A very nice, rather citrusy smell. My husband absolutely loves the smell. We buy it again whenever we run out. Used to get it at local Fruitful Yield stores but they don't carry it any more.
I waited three weeks before writing a review and I'm glad I did. THIS BED IS FIRM!! Give it some time to "give" after sleeping on it a few times it will mold to your body easily. In the beginning I felt like I was sleeping on a surf board! It comes with 2 free pillows rolled in the inside so don't forget to remove them. I will admit that it's still a bit firm but the quality is awesome and I can see it lasting a very long time
Honestly, this computer is working so much better than expected. The graphics is amazing. The processor work very efficiently. The setup was so smooth. I completely forgot that it was WiFi enabled so there are no unsightly wires across my home. I’ve downloaded my entire steam library plus major triple A games and it can play it all. I wish I would have bought it earlier in life.
The fit was perfect. Only 1 mistake. My pkg. included 1 sz larger than what I ordered. They’re compression, so they go up higher on my leg. No big deal.
Got one for a present, love it , works great with Echo, like it so much bought a second one for the bedroom.
Love this table ,its very light but very strong . Its perfect for the tattoo artist that has limited space in his studio.. took one star away because the stool broke after a week cheap plastic. Its all good thought cause only really wanted the table. Easy to build and comfortable, love it!! !
Love, love this Netgear Nighthawk C7800, so easy to setup and use. So much faster than the old cable/modem/router combo. The apps available are so easy to use. The only thing I had to do is make sure you have good cables connections in the home, I needed to replace one to keep it from dropping connections all the time, but once the cable was replaced it has been stable. Love this product.
I’m currently taking Pilate class and using the ring in class. I wanted to my own ring so I can also use it at home. Since using the ring I have notice that my arms and thigh muscles are now stronger. Will continue to use this ring. Best buy I made.
