An attractive turban-style shower cap stylish enough for poolside use. Features a cute tropical print and does its job to keep hair dry. Fits snug around the scalp without squeezing. Expensive compared to other shower caps
At about one-third of the cost of some of the other living room floor lamps, the Ikea Holmo offers a good value for its low price but may not be as durable as others on our shortlist. Users appreciate the beautiful ambient lighting, simple assembly, and excellent price point. Some users feel that this lamp is less durable than the other living room floor lamps on our shortlist
The Fujifilm X-T1 is a great camera for advanced photographers as long as its quirks don't bother you. The stunning viewfinder, comfy grip and plethora of direct controls makes the Fujifilm X-T1 a joy to shoot with, plus the image quality is great and the continuous-shooting is among the best in its class. Some of the controls are too hard to manipulate, its general performance doesn't stand out, and the movie quality disappoints
Simple yet effective, Starfrit’s apple peeler sports a fun transparent style, takes up little counter space, and makes thinly peeling an apple a nearly effortless task. Flawlessly peels an apple in moments. Extremely simple design. Includes recipe booklet and 2 blades. Easy to clean. Strong suction cups secure peeler in place. Great for kids. Far less sturdy than a steel apple peeler
The best ball rebounder that offers a larger surface area than most other outdoor options. Segmented design offers plenty of surface area for different return angles to maximize practice. Specifically designed for racket sports such as lacrosse. Can be used for other ball sports like baseball, as well. Requires unobstructed height to fit correctly in the backyard
A tough sole and insulation for colder conditions. Warm, comfortable winter boot with great arch support and a high collar. Stylish and practical, these will keep you warm even on icy terrain. Breathable waterproof mesh. Comes in two colors. Size runs small, stitching may separate after extensive wear
Grill with ease at home or on the road. The warranty is excellent should there be issues with the unit. Compact and portable. A handsome grill that stays plenty hot and is easy to use. The cast-iron grill grates are durable, and the two-burner system also allows for direct or indirect cooking. Tricky to clean. The painted steel in the lid and bowl is not as durable as desired, nor is the chrome steel of the cook top
Whether you are looking for a Nixon watch to wear with career looks, casual styles, or black-tie affairs, this gorgeous watch is definitely a bold statement piece. Sports the classic chronograph style with three subdials and an attractive all gold-tone finish that is a great look for everything from daily wear to formal occasions. Features a date window and double-clasp closure. Quite large and heavy, and may not work for men with thin wrists. Rare reports of the chronograph mechanisms malfunctioning
The spacious interior of this microwave is a benefit, but this model really stands out for its reheating and thawing capabilities. With 1250 watts of cooking power, this oven has no problem handling larger dishes, which can fit easily in the large interior. The highlight of this model is the accurate power settings offered by the inverter technology. This allows the user to reheat without overcooking, and to thaw frozen items without cooking them. The inverter technology requires an additional cool-down period, so the fan will continue to run after use, which bothers some users
A good option for daily use under makeup and for those who want a high SPF. Meant to be worn under makeup, but can be used alone. Fragrance- and preservative-free. Slightly tinted. Helps reduce signs of aging. Goes on thick and may make your skin a little shiny
This colorful adornment for the shower comes with two heads, one of which is removable for ease of bathing. Customizable: choose from 24 water flow patterns and 4 spray patterns. Enjoy the 7-LED color rotation for an invigorating spa experience. Easy to install and use. Rare complaints that lights failed to work after several months of use
Reasonable price point for a 55-inch television that also delivers the latest color technology in HDR10. With 4K Ultra HD resolution, you’ll be ready for newer programming technologies well into the future. Uses local dimming technology, so you can view the deepest blacks. Meshes nicely with multiple Apple streaming product options. Some problems with build quality reported. Smart TV interface is not the easiest to use
With no weight limit, anyone can add these sliders to a customized workout routine. Noted to stand the test of time and hold up after several workouts. Ideal for those on the go who don't have the luxury of routine workouts, but still want to fit them in. High notes for the padding size that eases the stress placed on one's body. May not work on rough textured surfaces
This mascara won't work for everyone, but provides the dual benefits of nourishing and lengthening the lashes of those who can use it. Great for mascara enthusiasts with short lashes, as it's formulated to make them appear much longer. Contains nourishing olive oil and vitamin E that may actually strengthen lashes, and promote growth. Product starts to dry out somewhat quickly, then becomes clumpy to apply. Somewhat flaky. Some users with sensitive eyes report irritation after using it
This stylish, sophisticated bag is built to take a beating and loaded with features that make travel easier. Built to last, this quality bag features 4 high-performance sealed ball-bearing spinner wheels aligned with magnets. Nylon case is expandable and features top and side leather handles. Comes with garment bag attachment, nifty tie-down system and adjustable top handle. Wheels can struggle over carpet and rough surfaces
Flexible, steel-toed workboot for any job or terrain. Cheaper alternative to the Pittsburgh that holds up just as well. Durable, water-resistant leather and a slip-resistant rubber sole. Good combination of comfort and safety, built to last. 6-inch boot, comes in two colors. Not completely waterproof, laces may wear out quickly
A reasonable option for an entry-level dSLR, the Pentax K-50 should satisfy if you need the weather-sealed design. But while acceptable, it and its cheaper sibling the K-500 lag behind the competition in image quality and performance. The Pentax K-50 features a weather-sealed body that's unique in its price class, an interesting set of shooting features, support for AA-size batteries, and a relatively nice viewfinder. Plus, it comes in colors, if that appeals to you. The cheaper K-500 has the same feature set but lacks the weather sealing and color combos. Image quality and performance, while acceptable, don't match the competition's, and the cameras lack an articulated LCD. Also, both the shutter and the lens make a lot of noise
Four times stronger than leather, these gloves also deliver the anti-bacterial protection you need when handling food. Four times stronger than leather. Superior grip with a snug fit. Provide the level of feeling you need to get the job done. Maximum breathability. Choice of small through extra large. Anti-bacterial protection. Great for cleaning fish, mandolin slicers, and knives. Not recommended for large machine operation. They do not prevent direct-point punctures
A solid duvet cover contender praised for its luxurious feel. Many feel this duvet cover is both soft and sturdy, with a luxe feel for its cost. It also stands out for its smart hidden zipper closure and lightweight feel. Occasional users report that the material feels too thin, and a few received damaged products
If you are looking for a drugstore vitamin C serum that won't stress your budget, this is the one to buy. You'll get twice as much as many competing brands for a low price. Combines vitamin C with hyaluronic acid, plant-based oils, and vitamin E to nourish, moisturize, and protect skin. Product is made in the U.S.A. by a company that doesn't do animal testing. Affordable, plus you get 2 ounces for the price. Consistency is on the thin side, and feels a bit sticky. Some users report irritation after use
Though versatile, other models that are less pricey and straightforward to use offer similar results. Five blades deliver a variety of slice options, including thin shreds. Spacious caddy for accessory storage. Expensive. Somewhat confusing to use at first. Requires strength to slice firm vegetables. Blades aren't clearly labeled
It's limited by a narrow spotlight beam, but customers praise its brightness and reliability over time. Unlike most spotlights, this one remains very bright even on the lowest settings. Narrow spotlight beam fails to light up entire surrounding area
A highly popular skin-quenching, age-reversing facial oil that's made with exceptional ingredients. Features marula oil and very pure nontoxic ingredients. A miracle worker for dry skin types, even works for eczema sufferers. Reduces fine lines and tones skin. May cause breakouts
The AOC E1659Fwux is a highly portable USB monitor that delivers a crisp 1080p picture and accurate colors. Thin, lightweight cabinet. Sharp 1080p picture. Accurate colors. Narrow viewing angles. Weak gray-scale performance in testing	The AOC E1659Fwu is an affordable 15.6-inch portable USB 3.0 monitor that lets you take your multi-screen setup on the road. Its color accuracy is off, but it delivers a sharp picture and is easy to tote around. USB 3.0. Streamlined design. Affordable. Sharp image quality. Reflective screen. Skewed color accuracy
Only those who do a lot of local intensive tasks via Wi-Fi, or who can appreciate the Asus RT-AC3200's excellent feature set, will find this router worth the investment. The Asus RT-AC3200 Tri-Band Wireless Gigabit Route has powerful hardware and good performance. The router has many helpful features, including the ability to keep malware from entering your home network, and it can also work as a powerful VPN/NAS server. The router is very expensive. It has a bulky, somewhat impractical design and you can't name clients on the IP reservation list anything other than their MAC address
This simplistic silicone brownie pan makes for the easiest, mess-free baking experience. FDA approved, professional grade silicone is safe to use in the oven. The pan is truly nonstick. Brownies pop out with little effort, and the pan is easy to clean. Sturdy metal handles help the silicone hold its shape and makes lifting in and out of oven easy. Silicone can be damaged with a knife. use a spatula or dull tool to cut your brownies
Simple modern design in an end table that carries a very low price point with an all-wood construction. Holds more weight than you might think it would for a small table. Very basic design with a square table top and square legs on all four corners. Design is stable and durable. Consists of particle board and laminate, so it may not last as long as some other units
Customers needing an affordable comforter to keep warm during any season will appreciate this no-nonsense model. Outer microfiber fabric offers users an ultra-soft comforter. Buyers enjoy the bright white, clean look of the blanket. Keeps users warm in harsh winter weather. May feel a little too warm for some if inserted into a duvet
Lightweight, reliable fitness tracker that measures heart rate and calories burned. Great choice for basic function without the bells and whistles of other fitness trackers. Loved for its continuous, accurate heart rate monitor (chest strap included). Beeps when you go out of your zone, a function that can be turned on and off. Tracks calories burned. Also tells time and date. Strap must be cleaned regularly to work properly. No stopwatch function
Weighted kickboxing gloves designed for women. Adds resistance training with 2 lbs. of weight during training and aerobic practice. Training gloves designed for strength training. Ideal for adding speed and impact resistance to shadow boxing and kickboxing practice. Made of high-quality neoprene. Available in several colors. Strictly for non-contact training and exercise
Standard 12-inch Pilates ring with studio-quality construction, well-liked by advanced practitioners. Dual-sided foam pads prevent the ring from slipping away from your body. Offers an ample amount of resistance for more intense sessions. Available in three fun colors to match other home gym accessories. Somewhat more stiff than other options, which not all practitioners seem to like
A quality 6-piece accessory set that makes it easy to expand the ways you can use your air fryer. Includes a cake pan, rack with 4 skewers, pizza pan, metal holder, silicone mat, and an egg bites mold. Designed to fit most air fryers. Rack can be used to increase air fryer's capacity. Dishwasher-safe. Set available for 3.7-quart fryer, too. Some buyers feel the accessories are too small for 5.8-quart air fryers
Hair-thickening, B-complex formula shampoo with rosemary, aloe vera, saw palmetto, and coconut. Hair-thickening B-complex formula shampoo prevents hair loss. Treats thinning hair with rosemary, aloe vera, saw palmetto, and coconut. Hypoallergenic, sulfate-free, and paraben-free. Safe for color-treated hair. Removes DHT and supplies essential vitamins for hair growth. Safe enough for everyday use. 100% money-back guarantee if not completely satisfied. Some experienced even more hair loss after using this product
If you are looking for a premium tinted moisturizer with skin-loving ingredients and SPF, this brand will work for most skin types and colors and is a good value. Offers sheer, lightweight coverage in a creamy, mineral formula. Wears all day, and creates a natural, healthy looking glow. Provides SPF 15. Falls on the lower end of the price range compared to other high-end brands. Doesn't come in as many colors as some competitors, and some shades may appear too light on some skin tones
Buy the Bonavita Metropolitan coffee maker for its low price and excellent drip, but slow drinkers should save up for a thermal carafe model. The Bonavita Metropolitan brews excellent coffee for a very reasonable price. It's simple to use, compact and easy to clean. It doesn't have a thermal carafe. Coffee in its glass carafe cools quickly. Its body is all plastic
A "green" option that also boasts all the desired features and durable construction, making it our pick for best value on the market. Attractive and well made with ample room for laptops as large as 17.3 inches. Features numerous pockets including one that's padded for added protection. Made of eco-friendly canvas. The handle seems off-center, but this is a small concern considering all this messenger bag has to offer
Standard sizes and impeccable construction, housed in a rugged case, make this set the only set that the average toolbox would ever need. With M3 steel construction and hardened backing plates, this set is built to withstand jobsite abuse. The thicker backing plates also protect against warping and increase longevity for this 9-piece kit. Comparatively shallow teeth may cause you to stop frequently while drilling to remove build-up
Unless a wildly-colored drip machine really floats your boat or have a hotplate fetish, less expensive coffee makers are a better choice than the Moccamaster KBG 741 AO. The Technivorm Moccamaster KBG 741 AO reliably brews delicious 10-cup batches of coffee. It is also easy to clean, flaunts an elegant and colorful design, plus has a hotplate that won't scorch your brew. The Moccamaster KBG 741 is more expensive than other Technivorm machines, yet can't match the brew quality of them. Instead of a steel thermal carafe the KBG 741 AO uses a pot made from thin glass which is harder to pour
This smart LCD TV is a reasonably well priced set that comes with Fire TV built in. Fire TV provides streaming channels. Voice controls can go through your Alexa device. 4K picture quality. Includes automatic software updates. Full control over TV settings. Set-up is easy. A great choice for Amazon Prime members. Basic audio package works well. While set-up is fairly simple, there are few printed instructions that come with this model	Offers nice features at a low price. If you are a fan of Fire devices, it's definitely worth a look. Features built-in Fire that provides easy access to numerous apps as well as Alexa compatibility. Offers three HDMI inputs and isn't too difficult to set up. Decent picture quality. A few owners gripe about it having a tendency to drop WiFi connection. Sound has a "tinny" quality to it, so you will need to add speakers or a soundbar if you like bass
This is a very affordable and portable beard and mustache comb, with a protective sheath for travel. We recommend handling with care, but it will prove handy for touch-ups. Works well with thicker beards, with minimal pulling or tugging. Coarse side also works as a hair comb. Wood absorbs beard oils and balms. Fine-tooth tines can be pointy and sharp. Tends to break easily. Not as durable as a sandalwood beard comb
Great sound quality for a good price. These bookshelf speakers produce excellent, clear sound. Dynamic Balance drivers and tweeters offer wide response and low distortion. Can be wall mounted using the keyholes on the back of each speaker. These speakers do need some time to break in before they produce the best sound they are capable of
This solid-feeling stainless-steel option offers excellent quality for an affordable price. Stands out for its sleek design. Uses regular ground coffee so there's no need to buy expensive pods. Customers appreciate the "bold" setting for premium coffee. Some units don't heat the water hot enough to make a really good cup of joe	A relatively inexpensive single-cup coffee maker with adjustable stand for travel mugs and standard coffee cups. Mesh filter doubles as a coffee scoop, and stores on the side of the machine. Customizable brewing for regular strength or bold coffee. Lower height that fits under most kitchen cabinets. Easy to fill the reservoir, so fresh water used for each cup. Heats quickly. Brews up to 14 oz., so larger travel mugs won't fill completely. Some users prefer to use paper filters, thinking the taste is better
The perfect cover to protect against pet hair, claws, and even small spills. Cover is easy to put on and feels silky smooth. Elastic straps ensure the cover stays in place all day. Water-resistant material protects against light spills as well as pet hair and can be machine washed. Cover runs a little small. not ideal for large furniture
Though some coins may end up lost in the legs, if you want a piggy bank that earns praise for its durability and cuteness, it's worth considering. This soft yet sturdy vinyl piggy bank offers a fun alternative to classic, hard plastic or ceramic models. Sports a cute facial expression with a moveable head, and comes with a gingham scarf. Coins tend to get stuck in the legs, and they are somewhat difficult to get out of the opening
A strip formulated with medicinal qualities to produce photogenic results. Designed to adhere to most nose shapes for an optimal cleanse. Antibacterial and anti-inflammatory. Reduces pores in just three easy steps. Reviewers love the results and price point. Medicinal smell may be too harsh for some
While you'll love the sets' affordable price and ability to make grilled and crispy dishes, the cooking capacity is not practical for all cooks or occasions. The ceramic-coated basket and cookie sheet set is a unique cooking tool that is ideal for preparing quick grilled or fried meals on the stove top or in the oven. Great for use on the grill too. Reasonably priced. The  8.7- by 11.9-inch basket is not spacious enough for cooking large portions. Stuck-on food on the cookie sheet has been reported
A lipstick that truly lasts all day, no matter what you get up to. Adorable packaging. 2-in-1 Liquid lipstick and top coat dries quickly without drying out your lips. Stays in place all day, even while eating, drinking, or kissing. Moisturizing formula. Small, pointed brush makes for easy application. Difficult to remove with soap & water. Instead, try an oil-based makeup remover
This ultra lightweight and high-powered laptop is a workhorse for everyday use. Super lightweight and easy to carry. 15-inch UHD display, 10th-gen Intel i7 processor, 8 GB memory, 128 GB SSD storage, Bluetooth enabled, Comes with Windows 10. Built-in webcam with microphone. The underwhelming battery life is frustrating. Despite the sleek design, the plastic components are flimsy
These shoes are surprisingly supportive and offer all-day comfort cushioning for golfers who want excellent performance without a high price tag. An updated version of Skechers' classic golf shoes that earns praise for reliable comfort, thanks to the responsive foam insole. Fits true to size. Somewhat warm on the feet. Not quite as stylish as some costlier brands, but considering the price you may not mind
Earns the top spot on our shortlist by surpassing its competitors on features and quality. You won't find a shoe rack with more to offer. An attractive design that doubles as a bench. Sports a microfiber upholstered top, 2 shoe-storing tiers, and sturdy wooden frame. It's heavy, and it's the most expensive model we reviewed. It doesn't have space for boots
An attractive living room floor lamp that is versatile and bright, with an adjustable 3-way switch that turns on torchiere, reading light, or both. We like that is includes both a main floor light and a side reading light, so it is versatile enough for any use. This lamp also stands out for its longevity. users that have had the lamp over a year report still being satisfied with its functionality. Some consumers reported receiving lamps with missing pieces, and it can take a little time to adjust the screws
The best budget pair of armored gloves, with more protection than most other options. Plastic backing gives the most amount of protection while still retaining a good amount of motion in the fingers. Palms are covered with light fabric for better grip and protection of the underside. Mesh construction on the back is breathable. Full plastic cladding can feel heavy and hot in warm weather or during extreme activities
A smart power strip that combines affordability, quality, and dependability. Equipped with 4 outlets and 4 USB charging ports for charging smartphones, tablets and other gadgets. Offers built-in WiFi capabilities. No hub is required. Comes with built-in leakage and an overload protection switch for added safety. Easy to use right out of the box. Sometimes can be tough to connect to WiFi. Offers less durability than many comparable options
Does a good job of restoring luster, but not as good a job covering scratches. Good amount of coverage with just one bottle. Works well on dog-damaged floors. Protects the floors for several months. A good product to try if you want to delay refinishing. Made for hardwoods only and will not work well on laminate, tile, or other hard surfaces
An adorable vintage-style bathing suit that is ideal for pear-shaped figures. Pin-up style suit is available in multiple patterns and colors. Adjustable halter straps. Suits fit true to size. Skirt style draws attention to your waist, ideal for pear-shaped figures. Quality fabric and durable stitching. Colors stay vibrant even after multiple swims and washes. Some found the bra cups to be a weird shape. Luckily, they are removable
These 4 reusable K-Cups offer an affordable alternative to name-brand models. However, they come with similar compatibility issues as well as some durability concerns. A 4-pack of universal K-Cups that fit most 2.0 and 1.0 Keurig coffee brewers. Users rave about the small mesh that prevents grounds from seeping through. Straightforward to use and clean. Some leakage during brewing has been noted. Construction feels somewhat flimsy. Compatibility issues for various Keurig machines, such as the K150
You won't find a 4K HDTV as affordable as this LED-backlit model from newcomer Seiki any time soon. The question is, does anyone need 4K right now?. Very inexpensive for a 4K HDTV. Bright panel. Skewed colors. Poor shadow details. Little 4K content available
The perfect survival book to share with your kids. Full of fun hacks you can easily try at home. Each of the survival hacks seems realistic and easily attainable by the average person. Many can be done at home just for fun. Stewart includes background about when and how he learned each of the tips and tricks. Many hacks have funny or clever names, making them perfect to share with kids. Some hacks require preparation and wouldn't be helpful in outdoor emergency situations
Solid desktop tower computer at a low price with a DVD optical drive and a 1 TB hard drive. Contains all of the features you’d expect to find in an Acer desktop computer, just at a lower price point. Combination of 10 USB, HDMI, and VGA ports is handy. Includes support for Bluetooth 5.0 and latest Wi-Fi protocols. Unlike some desktop computers, it has a DVD drive. With 1 TB of hard drive space, you’ll be able to save a lot of photos and videos. Processor is an Intel Core i3 model, so it’s not quite as powerful as some others
This catcher's set features an impressive look and is designed to be a starter set for younger players. This set comes with a chest protector, leg guards, and a helmet and is available in a wide range of dynamic color schemes. It is made from lightweight but tough materials that can keep your child protected while allowing nearly unrestricted movement. The sizing can run a little small, especially in the helmet, so consider getting a larger set
A high-quality, gentle microfiber cloth is treated with antimicrobial to cleanse makeup brushes without damaging them. Brushes can be wiped clean back and forth across the cloth, which is contained in a metal frame. Works well with the cleansing foam from the same brand, which is sold separately. Some users found it to be overpriced for what you get
Complete with wireless access, remote printing in the cloud, an interactive touch screen, and several paper trays, the Epson WorkForce WF-3540 is well-prepared to handle large workloads for home offices, corporate teams, and everything in between. The Epson WorkForce WF-3540 workhorse multifunction is built for performance with cloud printing capabilities, extra-large-capacity ink cartridges, dual 250-sheet paper trays, an intuitive touch-screen display, and an external USB port for standalone copying and scanning. The 3.5-inch touch-screen display works well with gesture navigation, but its fixed angle inhibits its usability in higher positions
If you're looking for classic wear and style, you'll be happy with these supple sheepskin gloves, plus there's no guesswork in choosing a size that fits. Stand out for their Thinsulate lining for added warmth. Have been complimented for their classic styling and true-to-fit sizes. Come in 4 neutral colors. Fairly basic, but this isn't a negative for consumers looking for practical leather gloves
Worth considering if you don't have a lot of tools to carry, and your budget is a top priority; otherwise competitors we considered have more to offer. An affordable compact bag that earns praise for fitting a surprising amount of tools considering the 13-inch size. Made by Craftsman – a trusted tool manufacturer. Though it has several exterior pockets, it only has one large interior pocket. Mesh pockets are handy, but not suitable for large, heavy tools. Zipper pull tab and zipper breakage have been noted
Inverted seam technology helps prevent leaks, and welded floors help keep water out. Easy to pitch in just minutes. Easily set this tent up in no time with pre-installed, continuous poles. Outer material is durable. Inverted protected seams keep you dry. Large windows provide adequate ventilation. The 7' by 7' foot area is spacious enough for 3 people. Wall storage pockets help keep your gadgets off the floor. The floor could be thicker for better insulation	A lightweight tent from a trusted company for a budget price. Serious campers might require a more rugged tent. Quality at an affordable price. Easy to pitch. 52 inches of standing room. Doesn't function well in heavy rain. The floor area is less spacious than that of some competitors
A good, affordable option if you want a compact design and like the quick preheat feature. A lightweight machine capable of ecomonically making a variety of coffee and milk-infused beverages. Preheats in 25 seconds. It's a bit on the noisy side when brewing
Pioneer's NEX line delivers an outstanding experience with Apple CarPlay, and the EQ settings let you customize the sound so it's just right. An incredible value for iPhone owners. Outstanding audio quality, a built-in DVD player, full support for Apple CarPlay, and a low price make this an excellent choice. Lack of support for Android Auto makes this a tough sell for Android phone owners. The software update process is lengthy and complicated	The best option for adding aftermarket Apple CarPlay to vehicles. Large 6.2" WVGA touchscreen display. Can integrate with backup camera and steering wheels. Features clear microphone for calls or Apple Siri access. Issues with AppRadio. Lacks second USB port
A well-priced device that’s easy to operate and reads and writes to M-DISCs. Fair data transfer speeds for this price range. Portable at 5.6 x 0.68 x 5.3 inches. M-DISC format works. Easily recognized by most computer systems. Concerns about thin construction, so needs careful handling. A little noisy for some
The best choice for anyone who wants an effortless keratin treatment without spending a lot of money. Offers all the benefits consumers love in an easy-to-apply leave-in formula. Balances protein and hydration for added volume and control. A little goes a long way. Some testers found that applying too much leaves a sticky residue, but this is easily corrected by using it sparingly
Rock climbers looking for an inexpensive, popular gym chalk will find their match in this uncut option. Option to purchase in a variety of different sizes, from 50 grams to 300 grams. Comes as loose chalk. Pure magnesium carbonate chalk ingredients. Chalk is a bit chinky, but can be ground down to a finer texture
Customers desiring a plant-based option will delight in this efficient brush. Toothbrush materials are plant-based using bamboo and a vegetable oil base. Packaging is also plant-based. Comes in a pack of 4. Bristles are soft-medium. Brush head bigger than some customers expected. Bristles can be hard on gums
An no-heat wax that's not quite has harsh as some competing options. Includes everything you need in one affordable kit. Gel wax formula doesn't require heat, but works with body temperature instead. Suitable for most users with sensitive skin. In addition to wax,this kit includes an applicator, wipes, cotton strips, and moisturizing balm. Inexpensive. Somewhat messy. May not work well for coarse, thick hair. Although gentler than most, those with very sensitive skin may experience irritation
Popular peach-scented foot peels that have quality ingredients and a lovely aroma. Softens calluses and dry skin while leaving a light peach scent. Contains plant botanicals and vitamins that nourish skin. Prompt customer service. You get two pairs for the price. Somewhat messy, as the packages contain quite a bit of liquid. May not produce noticeable results for all users
Experienced campers looking to make their experience more comfortable with a lot of inside space with love this tent. Can easily fit a queen-sized air mattress and leave plenty of extra space for other gear. Several adults can use this tent comfortably, or a large family. Tall height in the middle. Tent has specially angled windows that let in light and do a great job of keeping out leaks in the rain. Comes in both 6 and 8 man size. Set up on this tent will be a little more complicated than other options on the market	A spacious, well-built tent that will keep you dry and warm on even the coldest nights. Durable and waterproof. Easy to set up. Lightweight. Fits up to 3 queen size air mattresses. Rain fly included. Hinged door with Velcro closure. Most adults can stand up comfortably inside. Some have complained that it is not well ventilated
Easy to use for cooking eggs in their shells and it comes with seven holders instead of the standard six. Cook eggs quickly. Safe to use as they are made from nonstick egg cookers. Cups are durable and made from 100% nontoxic, BPA-free silicone. Easy to clean as well. A very large pot is required to use properly because of the extra holder
Save yourself from being gouged by cable provider rental fees with this rock-solid modem-router combo that broadcasts a reliable and fast connection across a wide area. Covers 1,800 square feet. Remembers up to 30 devices. Speeds up to 400Mbs. Designed for HD streaming and smooth online gaming. Easy setup. Features 4 Gigabit Ethernet ports. No bonus features to set it apart, it is just a solid device
This quality BaByliss product is the only curling iron you need, and though not cheap, it's quite affordable. Fast-acting heat and ergonomic design. Versatile styling results with one barrel. Some owners received faulty products, but they are in the minority. Iron gets extremely hot
This full-size, durable beam will help your gymnast take her practice to the next level at home. Wood-core, low-profile balance beam. Measures eight feet long and seven inches high, with a four-inch work surface. Cross-link PE foam padding like competition beams. Synthetic suede covering gives the look and feel of competition beams. Choice of colors. Reinforced ends. Legs are easy to attach. Synthetic suede covering is easier to tear than expected
A good deal by a top name in the lock industry. Affordable, convenient, and reliable for most security needs. Clearly visible numbers on the front and side. Combination is effortlessly set w/personalized numbers. Comes with clear instructions and lifetime warranty. Some owners say it's larger than expected. It's on the heavy side, but it's not ideal for heavy-duty needs
A modern and practical glassware set that delivers both quality and affordability. The best value for money. Sturdy feel and solid construction holds up well to handling. “Bubble” design is attractive and offers something a little different from mainstream varieties. Set comes with a well-balanced array of sizes suitable for the whole family. Conveniently dishwasher safe. Great quality at an affordable price. “Bubbles” are purely decorative and won't improve grip
A solid choice for outdoor brewing. Large 14-cup capacity and all the heat resistance of an enamel coating. Can deliver percolated and unfiltered "cowboy coffee" equally well. Designed primarily for outdoor use. not the best option for the kitchen. Some concerns about the durability and replacement of internal parts
Extremely clear lens with a low cost. Good performance in low light before sunset and after dawn. Low price, great performance. Dusk & Dawn Brightness coating for best results in low-light conditions. Waterproof. Works well on a variety of guns and for different types of hunting. Easy to make adjustments in the field. Scope may fog up easily during humid conditions. Doesn't offer the quality of some pricier scopes
This sleek, modern handbag looks good and is easy to carry. Besides adding a dash of style, the turning clasp of this bag closes more securely than the more frequently-seen Velcro closures. Offers a removable shoulder strap and cross-body strap sewn into the purse body. Stitching along the seams appears secure. The bag has plenty of room for your essentials like wallet, lipstick, keys, and smartphone. With much use or carrying a lot of weight, the PVC strap may break. Like all plastic accessories, the bag may seem stiff
Classic girls' socks by a popular brand that are comfortable and stylish. Made of material that is soft and comfortable. Ankle-length style is easy to wear and work swell for different types of casual outfits. Available in different sizes in options suitable for boys and girls. Material is on the thin side and may not hold up well to repeated washings
This sports bra is best for smaller chested women who don't need maximum support when working out. Distances itself from competitors for its unique design with a sport racer back and a stylish crop top front. Fuller chested women caution that this bra isn't the most supportive and may not be the best choice for higher impact activities
Great for skiing and snowboarding, these double-layer gloves give you options for wear depending on the temperature. Waterproof with GORE-TEX membrane. Synthetic leather is  touchscreen compatible, and palms are grippy. You can wear the glove-style liner, shell, or both. Removable wrist leash. Can remove mitts but keep gloves on to adjust goggles without exposing skin. Sizes XS to XL and two color choices. Liners are not attached to the wrist leash. Touchscreen compatibility is for the glove liner, not the mitt
A quiet humidifier with a large capacity, rotating nozzle, and 2 tank handles for convenient, mess-free filling. The 4 liter tank provides 15 hours of mist. Unique handles at the top and bottom for a sturdier grip during refills. No puddles gathered under the unit. Includes a timer and humidistat. Small components may be difficult to clean. Essential oils can't be added. The filter requires monthly maintenance, although it is reusable
You could do a lot worse than the DC40; however, you could also do better and spend less. The DC40 Origin is a good-looking vacuum that functions well, but it’s not a showstopper in terms of performance. Fragile-feeling hardware makes it hard to feel confident in the DC40’s durability and staying power
This mirror has just about everything you could hope for, except the light may not be bright enough. Lighted mirror with 1- and 5-times magnification. Spare bulb included. Easy to install. Available in 4 finishes. Some have complained that the light is too dim
Solid drop-forged steel makes for a reliable hammer that is low in cost. Price is affordable. Easy to grip,  hardened head, and very effective on the job. Can take a beating. The head isn't as strong and sturdy as that of some other hammers
A sturdy camp chair that has the added benefit of comfort and convenience features like an adjustable canopy. This model stands out for being well-constructed, durable, and comfortable. Users also appreciate the added benefits of features like the canopy for shade, cup holders, and storage area. A few have issues with the chair's construction, and there are occasional issues with tears in the fabric. Some users say it's difficult to place in the carrying case
The Reebok Zigwild TR 5.0 was a fantastic running shoe that delivered comfort and style all-around, which was agreed upon by many users. Some customers experienced fit issues, but the overall rating for the shoe was favorable, and many runners have found themselves using the Zigwild TR 5.0 repeatedly. One wearer likened wearing the Zigwild TR 5.0 to “walking on clouds.”. The shoe was a terrific value for money, several customers agreed. A number of users were happy with the stylish look of the shoe. The shoe could be worn all day without causing discomfort in the foot, according to a satisfied user. Many runners found the Zigwild TR 5.0 to be true-to-size. There was not as much traction from the outsole as expected, according to a user. Some buyers commented that the Zigwild TR 5.0 needed breaking in
A solid set, though it has fewer wrenches, lesser quality, and a higher price than some other choices. Easy to switch back and forth when ratcheting side is needed. Handsome tools with a sleek chrome finish. Lifetime warranty. Pricey, yet the set includes only 13 tools. The measurements of some wrenches may be inaccurate
While these gloves look good and are extremely waterproof, they aren't the best choice for extended outdoor wear, especially in winter extremes. Waterproof with 3M Thinsulate and touchscreen fingers. Wristbands hold in heat. Available in several colors. These gloves aren't bulky like some others. May not keep hands warm enough during extended periods of cold exposure
If you want inexpensive sun protection for your back and shoulders, this short-sleeve rashguard is hard to beat. Choice of colors and sizes. Short-sleeve swim tee with raglan seams and screen print at side waist. UPF 50+. Made of 86% polyester and 14% spandex. Imported.Machine washable. Fabric dries quickly. Not cumbersome to wear. Not form-fitting. Decal peels off. Do not put in the dryer
Customers seeking a minimal belt with ultra-slim construction will appreciate this lightweight model. Comes in a variety of color options and styles. Large enough to hold most smartphones. Stays firmly in place with no-bounce construction. Waist strap is adjustable. Many plus-size customers had issues fitting into the adjustable belt. Zipper could operate more smoothly
The portable Anker Soundcore Flare 2 speakers delivers solid audio and cool LED lights in a waterproof design for a fair price. Relatively solid audio for the size and price. IPX7 waterproof rating. Speakerphone functionality. LED light strips can flash various colors to the beat. Not much deep bass. EQ in app cannot be customized
The $150 Slingbox M1 brings TV streaming to nearly any mobile device, PC, or Mac, now with the convenience of built-in Wi-Fi. The affordable Slingbox M1 streams video from your TV or DVR (or any analog source) to your PC, tablet, smartphone, and some streaming boxes at resolutions up to full 1080p HD. IR blasters are built into the box's body, eliminating the need for annoying extra external wires. There are no monthly charges or fees and setup is even easier thanks to built-in dual-band Wi-Fi. Smartphone- and tablet-viewing apps cost extra. It duplicates some of the features found on TV anywhere apps you may already be using. No HDMI support. As always, streaming capabilities are only as good as your home bandwidth	If you want to watch live TV on your mobile devices, the Slingbox M1 is the most affordable place-shifting device yet, even if you need to pay extra for the apps. Affordable. Smooth, sharp picture. Easy to set up. Integrated Wi-Fi. Mobile apps cost extra. Slingbox and connected HDTV can only watch one channel at a time between them. Lacks HDMI connectivity
The able Polk Audio PSW111 subwoofer delivers seamless bass despite its compact size. 8-inch powered subwoofer. built-in 150-watt power amplifier. medium-density fiberboard cabinet with smoothly rounded corners. excellent connectivity. The larger, more powerful 10-inch version costs $50 less
Philips Hue is one of the best-developed DIY smart-home platforms money can buy, and this white-light starter kit is your most affordable entry point. It's practically a must-buy if you're serious about smart lighting. The plain, vanilla version of Philips Hue's smart LEDs don't change colors, but they do enjoy all of the benefits of Hue's well-connected platform. They're also bright, good looking bulbs with easy-to-use smarts, and you can add extras to your setup for just $15 each. At $70, the two-bulb starter kit still comes with a fair share of sticker shock
This exceedingly popular belt is perfect for those wanting a high-quality product with excessive storage space. Zipper-less design allows for easy access to belongings. Belt features 1 continuous pocket with multiple openings for ample storage space. Key fob located inside belt. Can be difficult to find the right size. Tends to move around during jumps	This exceedingly popular running belt showcases supreme comfort alongside effective storage. The belt works as one continuous pocket with multiple openings for extra storage. Logo is reflective for night running. No-bounce design. Includes interior key fob. Correct sizing can be difficult to find. Logo can come off during washing
This beautifully crafted bathtub caddy has a slot for every imaginable bath time accessory and is large enough to accommodate two. Hands down, the best on the market right now. Water-resistant organic bamboo construction is sturdy and durable. Adjustable arms fit any size bathtub. Book or tablet stand comes with a waterproof cover to accommodate smaller books and tablets. With dual detachable trays, a candle or cup holder, wine-glass slot, and an angled phone slot, there’s plenty of room for extras. Comes with a matching soap dish. Its large size and solid construction can dwarf smaller bathtubs
A smooth, elegant glider and ottoman set that adds a hint of glamour to a room's decor. Upholstered in sophisticated and awe-inspiring faux leather. Extra plush cushioning delivers exceptional comfort. Outfitted with a gliding mechanism for smooth, seamless motion. Provides a modern upgrade to a traditional glider and ottoman set. Subpar craftsmanship. Upholstery tends to wear down quickly and may tear or rip over time
If you want an affordable TV smaller than 50 inches, the TCL S325 series Roku TV should be one of your first choices. The TCL S325 series is one of the least expensive smart TVs you can buy. Roku TV delivers the best smart TV experience on the market, with a simple, responsive user interface, thousands of apps and constant feature upgrades. It has a worse picture than Vizio's E-Series TVs -- but those are only available at 43 inches and up
Set up several rooms in your house with night-lights that are programmed to automatically turn on whenever they sense the room is dark enough to need it. Buyers rave about eufy’s customer service. Bright enough to softly illuminate a dark room/hallway, but the light won’t wake you up. Automatically turn on when it senses darkness. Comes in a 4-pack, making it an inexpensive investment. Designed to run efficiently, costing you cents per year to run. Designed to go in the top socket while pointing the light downward, which makes it tough to plug something in the lower outlet
Whether you're recovering from injury or hoping to avoid one, these affordable sleeves will keep your knees warm and well supported. Features a contoured design for a better fit and extra stability. Thick neoprene construction provides good compression and warmth without limiting movement. Doesn't shift or slip during training. Double stitched for durability. Easy to get on and off. Available in multiple colors. Great customer service. Some owners feel the sizes run small and report pinching at the hems. Strong neoprene odor upon opening
A powerful and compact UPS hampered by a less-than-perfect rechargeable battery. Great power output for a desktop UPS. A bright LCD panel is a standout feature at this price point. Includes software to monitor and control UPS, and shut down computer automatically during power failure. Battery life is widely variable, with most lasting through the entire 3-year warranty period and others failing earlier
Solar lights that provide adequate ambient illumination. However, they come with some durability issues and battery life fades quickly. Solar LED units that provide enough light to illuminate the edges of driveways or walkways. Manufacturer offers a lifetime replacement guarantee and helpful customer service. 6-pack. Not especially sturdy. After a few nights, many of the lights are either much more dim or run out of juice
Four colorful chopping boards that includes food icons to ensure no cross-contamination. Boards are eco-friendly, high quality and come with an antimicrobial coating. Also included is a ceramic peeler. Color coding, with food icons displayed on every board, firm and large enough to cut various food items. Easy to store in drawers and cabinets. May warp a little when washing in the dishwasher. Slides around easily
A huge fan for large attics with a shutter vent that really moves some air. Works in a large house with 2,000 to 3,000 square feet of attic space. Pulls in fresh air and exhausts hot air from the attic. A good traditional attic fan to cool the house at night. 30-inch fan works best only if your house is large enough for it
Another affordable choice for buyers seeking a lower bed frame with wooden slats. Unique frame design works well in any contemporary home. Lower build offers clean look. Steel frame with thick, wood slats. Non-slip tape on wooden slats to keep beds from moving. Customer service could be better. Frame could be sturdier
Extremely tough and durable boot for riding and hiking. Footbed contains shock-absorbing gel for all-day comfort, making it popular with sufferers of plantar fasciitis as well as other foot and knee ailments. Oiled leather is waterproof, while the antibacterial lining wicks moisture. The zip version may feel tight across the front of the foot, so those with high arches should stick with the laced option
If you're looking for luxury, this decanter is tough to beat. Handmade and luxurious. Timeless design. Lightweight crystal. Holds a large volume. An aeration and filtration unit would be a welcome addition
If you love a rustic look, this tree bark cheese board is perfect for you. Perfect for serving hors d'oeuvres, cheese, and crackers. Very affordable. A unique serving tray. Each piece is individually handcrafted, and made from durable acacia wood. Serving surface is smooth. Some have said it arrived smaller than the size that is described
While care should be taken to ensure you size this wetsuit correctly, once you do, this is a comfortable and well-designed option. Comes in male and female sizes. Well made, with flat stitching for comfort and rubber reinforcement in stress areas. Extra-long leash and YKK zipper add convenience. Looks and feels good. Suit can be hard to pull on, due to the zipper not going far enough down the back. Sizes run a little large for women and a little small for men
A standard ice cube tray made with silicone bottoms for easy removal. Spill-resistant lids. 3 trays packs cost less than comparable molds. Silicone trays make it easy to pop ice cubes out. Produces very small ice cubes
Well-made pulls from a solid name in the industry. House flippers, DIY renovators, and contractors enjoy the incredibly low bulk rate. Often used to replace higher-end cabinet pulls. Great quality control with a few mismatches or bends. Solid metal construction and sleek brushed appearance. Longer screws may be necessary for drawers with thicker walls. A few reports of thread stripping and misalignment. Included screws are not of high quality
This option has a pleasingly simple design and makes coffee quickly, but its small size may disappoint those who like to drink a lot of iced coffee. Makes undiluted iced coffee in 60 sec. Simple premise: just freeze it and pour coffee into it. Deep lid makes for easy pouring. Can also be used for tea, wine, and other beverages. Dishwasher safe. Very small, so you can't make much at one time, and you must refreeze it between servings. Some say that this option spills easily. Initial freeze takes up to 12 hours
It's a popular product and worth trying even if you prefer traditional cleaners. Tones and cleanses without drying skin or leaving a residue. Micellar water cleanser with nourishing ingredients. Gentle enough to be used on sensitive skin yet highly effective at cleansing and removing makeup. Has a light, pleasant scent. Bottles with broken or leaking lids upon arrival have been reported. Priced on the higher end of the scale for this type of product
Worth considering if you like cats and want a self-stirring mug that has a large capacity. However, quality control is lacking with the construction and components. Stands out for the cute cat face graphic on the front of the mug. Large 15.2-ounce capacity with a powerful self-stirring mechanism. Available in 3 colors – black, pink, and blue. 1-year warranty. Comes with some quality concerns, including magnets, handles, and mug exteriors that break or crack with normal use. Lid doesn't fit very well
Bare bones but reliable, this tank of a unit is hard to beat for the price. Inexpensive unit that features Sony reliability. Battery backup, decent speaker, wake up to alarm or your favorite radio station. A very spartan unit with a battery backup that only keeps track of time and won't power the alarm
A moderately-priced flask with a great look, this option should be thoroughly cleaned before use to remove the strong manufacturing odor. Nice leathery look with an understated American flag design. Comes with a funnel and lifetime guarantee. American flag flask made in China may be a turn-off for some. Leather is very thin and seems cheap. Has a strong chemical smell right out of the box
A good choice for taller consumers or those who prefer more leg coverage. However, keep in mind the known sizing issues and finish concerns. Tall, fashionable rain boots that go with numerous styles. Matte finish appeals to those who find the gloss finish too shiny. Sizes run large on most customers, yet boots tend to fit tightly in the calf. Height may be bothersome to shorter women. Matte finish prone to white marks when scuffed
If you can't spend $100 or more on a universal remote, the Logitech Harmony 600 is a great choice. Powerful universal remote with great ergonomics. simple text-based LCD screen surrounded by five contextual buttons. Web programmable via Windows or Mac PCs. excellent button layout and overall design. supports custom sequences/macros. sub-$80 price tag. Only controls five devices. requires Internet-connected PC to program. an additional $20 gets you the step-up model with a color screen and graphical icons
This is a no-kidding-around cincher/corset and its sturdy construction will cinch the waist by several inches. Features 24 steel bones, of which 20 are spiral steel and four are flat steel. The cincher is comfortable and produces a true hourglass figure. Comes with a satin cover. Like many cinchers, it may run small, so buyers will need to look at the sizing chart. Novice wearers should avoid lacing the cincher too tightly
Rounded edges and a low surface temperature make this heater a good choice for families or kids' bedrooms. Thermal shutoff prevents overheating. Patented Smart Snap pre-assembled wheels. Permanently sealed oil system. Adjustable thermostat and multiple heat settings.Manual controls. Adjustable thermostat. Low surface temperature. Cord wrap for easy storage. Anti-freeze setting lets unit automatically turn itself on when the temperature drops below 44°F. Gently rounded for safety. Clicks. Not good for quick heating
Watching movies on a tablet is well and good, but to get real immersive entertainment, a 15.6-inch laptop with multiple speakers like the Asus N550JV-DB72T is the portable equivalent of a home theater system, plus it also qualifies as a power user system. Class-leading performance. Multimedia-oriented features. 1080p HD IPS screen. Subwoofer included. Multi-speaker sound. Fast wake from sleep. HDMI and mini-DisplayPort. Touch screen. Heavy. No 5GHz Wi-Fi support. No Blu-ray. Short battery life. Narrow numeric keys
A low-cost way to get an 18x wide-angle lens, the Fujifilm FinePix S2950 delivers merely OK photos and shooting performance. The Fujifilm FinePix S2950 has a wide-angle 18x zoom lens, takes AA-size batteries for power, and has a 3-inch LCD, an electronic viewfinder, and manual and semimanual shooting modes. The S2950's performance and photo quality indoors and in low-light conditions are merely passable for its price
Powerful and precise trimmer with a multitude of accessories for grooming eyebrows, nose, and ear hair. Stands out for its ergonomic soft grip handle. Comfortable to hold. Precision blades designed to cut and not pull hair. Several attachments for many uses. Water resistant and easy to clean after use. Comes with carry pouch and brush. Very straightforward to operate. Accessories and parts not available separately. If the blades dull or an accessory is lost then a full kit has to be bought
These buds provide an excellent battery life with a great range for bluetooth. Ergonomic design is easy to use. Notable for their water-resistant and sweat-proof design. Siri compatible. Offer approximately 4.5 hours playback time from one charge. Impressive Bluetooth range of around 30'. Touch buttons are easy to use. Good bass and crystal highs. May be too large for some ears
A versatile rear camera system at a solid price. Waterproof camera has 135° viewing angle to clearly display what’s behind you. Monitor is easy to install, and parking guides can be adjusted with a single switch. Mount features a photosensitive sensor so LEDs only come on when needed. Image quality is solid, but screen has been reported to flicker at times
A cleverly designed lightweight laptop stand that works with a wide variety of laptops and is priced for any budget. AmazonBasics laptop stand is made of a fine-gauge metal mesh that allows air to circulate around the laptop, which may help extend the laptop's life. The unit has 7 height adjustment settings and features a cord organizer to help keep your work area neat. The stand functions best when you use a separate keyboard and mouse to type and navigate
Quiet and inexpensive to run, this option provides many adjustable options to meet your needs. Features reversible double doors and adjustable legs for leveling. Stainless steel doors. Runs quietly. Temperatures are adjustable between 32ºF and 50 ºF in the refrigerator, and -11.2ºF and 5ºF in the freezer. Some buyers say that the temperatures inside this compact refrigerator are erratic and not consistent	A double-reversible refrigerator and freezer that may help you save money on your energy bills. Freestanding streamlined design will complement any kitchen or outdoor space. Compact unit can be tucked under a counter or built into a cabinet or piece of furniture for a customized look. Includes a whisper-quiet compressor. Unit is Energy Star-rated. Temperature regulation tends to be inconsistent. May cause condensation inside the refrigerator
A sleek Fitbit with current features that make it the most advanced model yet. Sports a large screen with a trim build. Easy to use and comfortable. Alexa is built in to search, set reminders, track fitness metrics, more. Compatible with many music apps. 6-day battery life. Pricey. Issues with some apps have been reported. A bit of a learning curve	Fitbit is still the king of fitness trackers — and the Versa 2 has made them a contender in the smartwatch market, too. The Versa 2 has Amazon’s Alexa built-in, so you can use voice control or ask it for personalized updates. It competes with the Apple Watch for half the price. Some fitness features require paid subscription to Fitbit Premium. Water-resistant, not waterproof
A high-quality fajita pan and serving plate made from heavy-duty cast iron that provides even heat distribution and great heat retention. Lodge is a favorite brand among cast iron users and this pan lives up to the name. It offers great heat retention and distribution, is sturdy and versatile, and comes pre-seasoned, making it functionally nonstick without being coated with materials that could leach into food. Comes with a wooden base for serving and a protective handle mitt. The wooden base is lightweight and easily damaged
Firm enough for support in any sleeping position, yet soft enough to cradle your spine and joints without pain, pressure points, or tingles. Certified free of any harmful chemicals. Available in twin through CA King. 10 inches thick. Four layers, and every one of them adds to your comfort. On top, a layer of latex foam provides bounce and firmness without heat or the dreaded "quicksand" feeling of traditional memory foam. Next, a layer of memory foam for support, then a layer of transition foam to provide even weight distribution, and finally, a base of support foam. Removable, washable cover encloses the entire thing. You won't be disturbed by your partner rolling over. While most owners praised the lack of heat buildup, a few still felt the mattress slept hot	A high-end mattress with a four-layer support system. Uses a support system designed to mirror your body’s natural shape at 33 specific points for more restorative sleep. A great choice for sleepers with back pain as it’s endorsed by the American Chiropractic Association (ACA). In the higher price range for a memory foam mattress
Cover can be added and removed quickly, thanks to elastic on the bottom and a rear zipper. Tough polyester material. Material provides both sun and water resistance for your golf cart. Available in either a two-person or four-person golf cart design. Uses rear air vents to keep air moving through the golf cart when the cover is on. Features an elastic cord on the bottom to ensure a tight fit. Only fits certain models of golf carts. Thin material may not last a long time
A solid lens with quick, sharp focus. Great for action shots, portraits, and low-light photography. An exceptional lens with a 50 mm stepping motor (STM) that's very fast and very quiet. Wide focusing ring is easy to operate quickly. Compact with a fixed focal length. Ideal for everyday photography. A small amount of users have had defective metal lens mounts	Excellent image quality in a prime lens for a low price. Offers large aperture for gorgeous portrait photo results; but it has some limitations. Extremely versatile with a desirable price point. Quiet auto-focus performance. Works especially well for portrait photography. Small lens takes up little room in the bag. No zoom capability will frustrate some photographers. Some longevity concerns
This punching tool is affordable, easy to use, and practical for many jobs. It also comes with numerous accessories and makes variety of hole sizes. A great pick for crafts and hobbies. Has a revolving punch design that is easy to use, and can punch 6 different sized holes. Users love how well it works for leather crafts. Includes a grinding rod, backup pad, and screwdriver. A few owners wish it could punch larger holes. Has the tendency to jam. Prone to breakage if used incorrectly – not suited for metal
Ideal if affordability is your top concern, though you may want to consider others for larger shoes made from difficult to stretch, tough materials. 2-way shoe stretcher. Wooden toe block. 4 spot relief plugs. Budget-friendly price. Available in several size options. Basic model. Metal components feel flimsy. Some users didn't notice much difference after using it. Sizes run small
Powered by TV so you can use it anywhere. Can be controlled through the Roku app. Good WiFi connectivity with an HDMI port that provides extra options. Easy, fast setup and good selection of streaming stations. Has to be physically attached to the TV. Some units unpredictably drop WiFi	The Express delivers everything good about Roku for a rock-bottom price, but it's worth spending a bit extra on a faster streamer. The Roku Express is cheap, easy to use and loaded with streaming apps. It's slower, especially with Netflix, than alternatives that cost just a few bucks more	The Express is Roku's least expensive media streamer yet, though its low price comes at the cost of performance. But for $30, it's pretty impressive. Inexpensive. Lots of streaming media services and apps thanks to the Roku Channel Store. Private listening with the Roku app. Choppy, sluggish menu navigation. Infrared remote requires line of sight
These well detailed cat charms are the perfect gift for the wine-drinking cat lover in your family. Set comes with six different colored cat charms. Charms are soft and gentle on glass. Goes on easy and stays in place while you drink. Cat charms can fit varying sizes of wine glass stems. Cat face and paws are clear and detailed. At a quick glance, the black and grey cats are too similar
A simple and natural solution that works well for most, but may not be practical for everyone. Choose it if you need low-maintenance odor control and have a designated area where little hands – or paws – can't reach. Uses all-natural, nontoxic ingredients to remove odors. Gel solution is highly effective and easy to use: pour into any container and place in problem areas. Conveniently evaporates as it works. Nonhazardous composition meets EPA’s safer product standards. Although nontoxic and safe, open containers placed in general areas can get spilled. Be cautious using around children or cats
An inexpensive, reasonably lightweight truck that is worth considering for light loads. However, the 400-pound weight limit is questionable considering the subpar wheels that are prone to breakage. Somewhat lighter than some similar models, thanks to the glass-filled nylon truss. Frame feels sturdy. Easy to adjust positions once assembled. Telescopic handle. Falls on the lower end of the price spectrum. Plastic wheels aren't built for heavy-duty hauling, and have been reported to break or fall off. Assembly is frustrating	A versatile, affordably priced dolly. The best value on the market. Lightweight nylon frame. Can be used vertically or as a load platform. Hefty weight limit. Comes with stair climbers. Assembly required. Occasional incidents of missing parts and castor breakages
Compact and sturdy, this espresso maker is particularly loved for the high-quality espresso it consistently produces. Under 7" tall and lightweight. Ships with a built-in espresso cup and scoop. Hand-operated. Consistently works well and makes a superior espresso. Sturdy design. Tamping down the grounds in the filter basket can cause a seal to blow out in the pump. This option is a little difficult to clean well, as it doesn't break down completely. Some find this maker difficult to use
A natural cleanser that targets pores with healthy intentions. Infused with protein and vitamins to clean and minimize pores. Made with egg whites to tighten enlarged pores. Does not strip skin but rather supports its natural balance. Stays true to skin's structure. Not all will love how it smells
An anti-reflective screen helps you appreciate the color and vibrancy of this Q Contrast Elite set. Black levels and brights come out in high contrast. Cable management system neatens cables out of view. Full array of LED backlight controls. Advertising appears on the Smart Hub interface. Issues with dark scenes being too dark
A mid-priced option that features solid construction, a great look, and several different configuration options. Fast assembly, usually in under half an hour. The cutting board is solid wood, and the unit overall is sturdy and stable. Comes in a variety of configurations. Instructions could be clearer. Plastic clips used to put it together need to be positioned pointing in the right direction for the assembly to work correctly
A fantastic choice if you want a nearly professional-grade air bike for your home workouts. Assembly is extremely easy. Quality construction makes the bike durable and sturdy. Customers love the simplistic, yet comprehensive, design of the display. Bike allows owners to customize their workouts and intervals. Customer service can be unhelpful. Some buyers had issues with shipping
A popular, portable lap desk perfect for on-the-go students and travelers. Lightweight design makes the desk easy to handle. Comes with two organizing trays ideal for holding phones or writing utensils. Lap pad made from comfortable, micro-bead cushions. Lacks a built-in stopper at the edge of the tray, which makes laptops and other materials prone to slide off without careful supervision
One of the best value body harness straps to consider when you need something more ergonomically designed. Narrow straps offer enough support for large objects without cutting into the skin or body. Strap design frees up the arms and hands for better support or to carry other items. Straps are too thin to lift anything large and awkward safely without extra straps or assistance
The Canon EF 100mm f/2.8 Macro USM may not be the company's top of the line macro lens, but it does capture sharp images with 1:1 magnification. Sharp images. 1:1 magnification. Inexpensive. Prone to color fringing. Lens hood not included. No image stabilization
The Linksys WRT 1200AC is a moderately priced dual-band 802.11ac router that offered fast file transfer speeds and good 5GHz performance in testing. Easy setup. Good 5GHz performance and speedy USB file transfers in testing. Large footprint. Weak performance on our 2.4GHz tests
Although the Epson WorkForce takes its time printing snapshot photos and graphics-heavy documents, this office-capable device earns my approval with affordable inks and cloud-printing features. The Epson WorkForce 645's intuitive control panel, compact footprint, and cloud-printing versatility strengthen this all-in-one's workplace utility. This all-in-one falls behind its competition with moderate photo print quality and output speed
The comfortable Saucony Grid 9000 Knit is a well-constructed update to 1990s performance running shoe. It has a modern knit upper with speckled patterns on the top and parts of the midsole while suede overlays complete this revamped look. The Grid midsole remains reliable with shock absorption and cushioning features with the shoe offered at an affordable price of $90. The knitted textile paneling and suede overlays in the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit looks and feels durable. Several customers noted that the sneaker is well-built and constructed with premium looking materials and heavy duty built. Some commented that the speckled paneling looks modern and comparable to other contemporary knitted textile shoes of different brands. The supportive Saucony Grid sole is consistent with delivering reliable grip and traction. A few reviewers liked the three colorways used in the design as it is neutral, not overwhelming, and compliments various types of clothing. The lightweight EVA foam midsole provides ample cushioning. Some noted that the thick midsole absorbs shocks and bumps with ease. Knit material in the upper of the Grid 9000 is breathable and airy making them excellent footwear for summer or spring. The interior cleatie construction helps a lot in fitting as well as securing the foot inside the shoe. Many reviewers felt the comfort brought about by the soft padded collar and tongue and leather lining inside the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit. A few users claimed that the thick midsole made the Grid 9000 Knit look bulky. Knit material with the suede overlays could get dirty with accumulated dust or mud splatters after a heavy rain. Some commenters with wide feet feel the one-piece cleatie fit could get tight at the collar
Modestly priced canopy for those who want something lightweight and durable. Easy set up and take down. Lightweight in comparison to similar models. Not meant for prolonged exposure to rain or strong winds
This toothpaste contains a powerful formula and protects enamel from acidic food and drinks. Offers a formula that provides advanced brightening and polishes teeth for a whiter, brighter smile. Toothpaste is pH-neutral. Soft and gentle on enamel. Delivers the right amount of minerals to strengthen enamel. Includes specific ingredients that remove stains and polish enamel. More expensive than many comparable options. Toothpaste has a chalky texture and taste	If you are looking for a whitening toothpaste that works for most stains while also protecting teeth, this popular toothpaste has a lot to offer. Distances itself from others on our list for its triple-action properties – removes and prevents stains while protecting sensitive teeth by helping to strengthen enamel. Consumers rave about the creamy consistency, clean feeling, and minty flavor. Users with tough, set-in stains may see mixed results or require longer use before a noticeable difference
The Almond 3 is a good router and smart-home hub, but we couldn't get our unit to work as a mesh network solution. We recommend the Eero or Netgear Orbi instead. As a single Wi-Fi router and smart-home hub, the Almond 3 succeeds with easy setup and decent speeds. It works with a ton of smart devices and includes voice-activation via Amazon Alexa. As a Wi-Fi mesh system, the Almond 3 is unreliable, buggy and expensive
The Danner men's Radical 452 GTX outdoor boot was complimented for its satisfactory comfort and supportive build. However, huge disappointments were caused by its easily damaged sole. Overall, it may be said that comfort is the prime selling point of the Danner Radical 452. Its reported short-lived sole might keep prospective buyers away though. According to some Danner loyalists, they were very eager to get another pair of the Radical 452 as they were in love with its comfortable feel. It's a hiking boot with effective waterproofing, as observed by several users. It fits great, based on numerous consumer reviews. The traction of the Danner Radical 452 was appreciated by a handful. Plenty of hikers liked the supportive build of this hiking boot. A couple of male owners appreciated the roomy forefoot of the Radical 452. The majority indicated that it runs true to size. A big portion of online buyers were surprised with its minimal break-in time. An expert and a considerable number of wearers were dismayed with its heavy weight. A lot of owners were utterly frustrated with the flimsy sole of the Radical 452 from Danner. They noted that after a couple of months, it was already worn out
An oversized bean bag chair that both children and grown ups can appreciate. Features a lightweight covering on a comfortable bag. Comes in. A zipper opening allows for easy refill and washing of the cover. Works well for adults as well as kids. When you unzip, you may find holes in the inner liner
A stove-top cleaner designed to work well on your smooth top ranges. Includes scrubbing pads. Will not scratch the stove top surface. Less scrubbing than other products. Takes off dark burn stains. Easy to use. Gentle, but cleans well. This product generally requires some heavy scrubbing for best results
Ideal for those looking for portability at a decent price. Well-built yet lightweight. Silver underlining helps to keep the heat down. Easy to assemble. Comes with a storage bag. Nice price. It's recommended that you purchase weights to keep this tent stable in wind. Some customers point to quality issues with the thin fabric and lightweight frame, as well as the flimsy storage bag
The Lux TX500U strikes a balance between value and function, making it my top pick if you're in the market for a basic programmable thermostat. A large display, strong blue backlight and an intuitive control panel make the $30 Lux TX500U easy to recommend. Its plastic covering is flimsy and fell off once during use
An innovative hand gripper that enables you to isolate and exercise each finger individually. Compact design that's easily portable. Challenges each finger individually so stronger ones can't compensate for weaker ones. 5 different strengths. Ergonomic base sits in the palm of your hand. The design of this product may be too small for large hands
Offers great coverage that is ideal for those with mature skin or those looking to conceal under-eye circles. Helps reduce the look of fine lines while also providing light-to-medium coverage for imperfections and dark circles. Can also be used for highlighting and contouring. Blends easily, lasts all day, and doesn't settle into fine lines. Not ideal for those looking for true full coverage
While it's not feature loaded, the Beoplay H4's sound quality and comfort level earn it the right to be in the conversation if you're considering a full-size Bluetooth headphone for around $300. The B&O Play by Bang and Olufsen H4 is a very comfortable, excellent-sounding Bluetooth headphone with decent battery life. It doesn't come with a carry case and has a small annoying quirk with the power button as well as an expensive price for a headphone with no active noise-cancellation	The B&O Beoplay H4 headphones deliver a wonderful Bluetooth audio experience and look particularly good doing it. Excellent audio performance with bright, detailed highs and deep, rich bass. Exceptionally comfortable over-ear fit. Handsome design with luxurious materials. Light on accessories
You’ll appreciate the large 10.1-inch screen on this sharp-looking tablet, which is great for gaming and streaming video. 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage space. Stand angle is flexible, so you can use the tablet in the most comfortable position for your needs. Speakers are clearer than you’d expect. Battery reliability is a question mark, as it may occasionally struggle to charge properly
Skip the typical popsicle mold and opt for these tube-shaped mold bags to make healthy frozen snacks. Comes with collapsible funnel for easy filling, kids will have a blast making and eating. Freeze fast and easy to hold. Have zipped closures. Some bags may spurt leaks at seams, zipped top may not always align or seal correctly. Flimsy material
Choose this one if bright light is your top priority, but others on our list have better designs and are easier to attach to your bike. Stands out for being extremely bright – provides 1,200 lumens. 3 light settings including strobe. Comes with taillight, rechargeable battery, and waterproof casing. Design is on the bulky side. A few reports of failure to charge after a few months of use. Somewhat difficult to install
Combining the strength of natural wood with clean and modern design, this beautiful set is sure to compliment your bedroom decor. Both stylish and functional, these risers will give an extra 3.5 inches of space under the bed. They are also stackable for a full 7 inches of rise, while maintaining their sleek looks. Some customers have reported that their set came more reddish in color than espresso
Excellent Chromebook with a large display screen and a desirable price point. Body of the laptop consists of aluminum, which allows for durability and a lightweight unit. Offers up to 12 hours of battery life. Includes 32 GB of SSD storage. Full HD resolution in a 14-inch display screen, which is not common in Chromebooks. Works with both 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi bands. Lacks some processing power versus standard laptops	Offers a 14-inch screen, which is a nice feature to find in a low-priced Chromebook model. Features an all-aluminum chassis. Lightweight design that also has some toughness. Very good battery life for working all day. Full HD display screen that measures 14 inches diagonally. Nice solid state drive capacity size of 32 GB. Chromebook design won't be powerful enough for some people's needs
If you are looking for a highly moisturizing hair mask that's suitable for all types of hair textures and curls and is also a good value, amika's Soulfood Nourishing Mask is hard to beat. Packed with nutrients and omega-7 fatty acids that leave curls soft, moisturized, and manageable. No parabens, sulfates, or phthalates. Has a rich, creamy consistency and lovely scent. A good value, as it comes in a generously sized jar and a little goes a long way. Rarely, some customers weren't happy with the results, but many more rave about how it improves hair texture and appearance
A compact, fun "travel" TV with built-in speakers and a nice price. Includes rechargeable battery and digital tuner. Many owners say they get good reception. Size (7 inches) is very portable. Stand and remote included. Low price. Some complaints that the antenna is under-powered. Instructions that come with it are confusing and lack details
A sturdy and simple end table that's easy to assemble. This well-built table looks great, and the wood has a nice rustic finish. Stands out for the durable wrought iron legs. Lower wooden shelf comes in handy. 24 inches wide by 22 inches deep by 23 inches high. This table is somewhat lightweight	Gives you the industrial look you want with a few more design accents than others. Four metal leg posts have a few design accents and a metal X-brace in the back to enhance the overall look of the end table. Nearly perfect height at 23 inches tall. Will want X-brace side against a wall, limiting your layout options
An elegant espresso-finished buffet table with ample storage space for a range of purposes. Features storage options for flatware, linen, and more. It even comes with a built-in wine rack with space for nine bottles. Solid wood construction. Easy assembly. Back of the countertop is unfinished in laminate, and might look unsightly unless backed up to a wall
Single camera setup that's reasonably priced because it doesn't require a separate base station. Great video quality at full HD resolution. Single camera provides a 130° view and good performance level. Includes night vision, an important feature for a security camera. Includes 2-way audio, so you can speak to someone who's near the camera. Only 1 camera included, which may not meet your security needs	If you want a simple, straightforward indoor home security camera with top-of-the-line DIY specs and free cloud storage, Netgear's new Arlo Q is a safe bet. The Netgear Arlo Q is responsive and reliable, with a 1080p HD resolution, motion and sound alerts, two-way talk, night vision, activity zones and free 7-day event-based cloud storage (you can pay a monthly fee for continuous recording, as needed). Netgear is behind the curve in terms of third-party integrations -- it doesn't currently have any -- and you can't log into the same account on more than one device at the same time. Both the Web and mobile apps could use a design update and the camera itself doesn't feel especially durable compared to its main competition, Nest Cam
This smart plug is a great option for anyone interested in scheduling, voice commands and remote access to everyday devices up to 1,500 watts. This smart plug keeps other outlets free, works with Google Assistant, and Amazon Alexa, and offers plenty of scheduling and timing options. The TP-Link Kasa Wi-Fi Smart Plug Mini isn't HomeKit-compatible
With several mounting options, this t-bar row platform helps maximize your work options in small spaces. Heavy gauge steel construction. Fits 1-inch standard and 2-inch Olympic bars. Full 360 degree range. full up and down motion. Easy to attach to rack, bench, floor, or wall. Comes with 2 tightening knobs for bar and rear mount. Sturdy. Lets you maximize home workouts. Does not fit some 2.5-inch racks
The Acer B326HUL is a 32-inch professional-grade monitor that uses Vertical Alignment (VA) panel technology to deliver very good gray-scale performance and inky blacks. You get a generous selection of I/O ports and picture settings, but out-of-the-box color accuracy is less than ideal given the price. Solid feature set. Plenty of picture settings. Gray-scale performance was very good in our tests. Expensive. Middling color accuracy. No MHL support
One of the best VR-ready rigs that offers great gaming and VR/AR performance in a complete kit. Liquid-cooled Intel CPU keeps interior cooler than fans alone. Computer can run most VR programs and typical games at high-resolution and performance settings. Tower case has limited number of spots for extra cooling fans for better temperature management
Want great viewing with bold colors in a mid-size model with a reasonable price? You'd have a hard time finding a Sony TV that has more to offer when it comes to features and value. In addition to its 4K resolution, this TV is compatible with Alexa and produces a nice motion rate thanks to the X-Motion Clarity. 49-inch screen is just right for many consumers' needs — neither too large nor too small. Mid-range price. Software updates can take a while, which can be frustrating. Occasional lag is possible. A few TVs arrived damaged	If you want to experience the superior resolution that 4K offers in a Sony model, this one falls just shy of a grand. Provides colors and contrasts that grab one's attention. Delivers fast refresh rate and has Alexa compatibility. 49-inch screen size is perfect for rooms that don't have a lot of extra space. Some reports of damage upon delivery. Software updates and lag can interfere with TV viewing and gaming
Budget-friendly pick for customers who want a traditionally styled, reliable lunch box. Upper compartment for storing delicate food items. Adjustable and removable shoulder strap. Includes small front pocket for napkins and utensils. Users appreciate its large size. Bigger than most lunchboxes. Some issues with durability
This is a comfortable, accurate rangefinder that shines in low-light and wet conditions. Range of up to 1,500 yards even in adverse conditions. Features a durable build that makes it well-suited for hunting under different weather conditions. Has 3 brightness levels. Scan function is fast and effective. Weatherproof. Not great for computing wind effects and ballistics. Priciest model on our shortlist
Fun-looking kids sparring gloves that are inexpensive and give you a high level of comfort. Kids will love the bright red or blue color of these sparring gloves, as well as the cartoon character displayed on them. Works well for both sparring and for competition for youngsters. Made of high-quality polyurethane leather. Gloves should last until your child outgrows them. Limited to 4 ounces of weight. Not really made for older kids, like teenagers
Detail cutting is no problem for the securely seated blade in this knife. Blade stays steady for precise cutting along marked lines. Snap-away design keeps sharp blade available throughout a task. Feels good in the hand for its size, and allows for a secure grip. Locking wheel can be stiff to turn, and location is inconvenient to reach during cutting jobs
High-end features include a waterproof backup camera, enhanced night vision, and Sony Starvis Sensor. Dual cameras with UHD video resolution up to 2560 x 1440P. Anti-glare touchscreen is responsive and easy to navigate. Camera makes adjustments and enhancements to improve visibility in low-light conditions. Comes with parking assistance and has emergency recording capabilities. Somewhat limited viewing angle during livestream, and the screen brightness can be distracting
A great collection of eyeshadow shades that can create a variety of looks. Features 12 different neutral shades in mattes and shimmers. Easy to blend and has good pigmentation. Great for creating full eye looks. Palettes occasionally break while in transit	The nude shades and quality pigmentation will have you reaching for this palette daily. A healthy mix of matte and shimmer shades. Highly pigmented color that is easily blendable. Little to no fallout. A few of the shades work well for filling in eyebrows. Perfect palette for creating natural looks. Shimmer shades tend to crease without eyeshadow primer
Great for smaller pieces and occasional hobby woodworking, this is a quality entry-level scroll saw. Users like the price and its ease of setup and use. Takes either pin or pinless blades. LED light is bright enough for most cutting work. Hassle-free warranty replacement. Switching blades can be a hassle. Vibrates heavily if not clamped down well to a sturdy surface. Sawdust doesn’t clear away as well as some users would like
The i4 Goggle is highly customizable, comfortable, and sturdy, making this a premium paintball mask that professionals and newcomers alike will appreciate. Lightweight. Easily adjusts for custom fit. Design whisks sweat from wearer’s face. Comfortable foam ear protection. Wide range of vision. Anti-fog thermal lens. Many colors available. While the i4 is a comfortable and well-protected paintball mask, it is one of the pricier models out there
A durable bag that offers numerous storage options for longer travels. Eight pockets and a central compartment that can be split into two give you numerous storage options. Available in silver or blue, in either a 22" or 30" size. Self-repairing zippers can be secured in hideaway pockets. Lightweight and durable, with built-in puncture and tear resistance. The 30" bag is too large to be used as a carry-on. Some buyers report issues with the zippers easily breaking
Half the price of other squat racks without sacrificing quality. Steel construction and 3-step powder coat for superior durability and safety. Issues with CAP's customer service	This budget-priced half rack is a good fit for small spaces and beginners. However, the low weight capacity can be limiting if your primary passion is weightlifting. Very affordable. Adjustable bar catches can be used for a variety of lifts. Overhead pull-up bar is made of high-quality tubular stainless steel for added stability. Powder-coated finish resists corrosion. Compact design doesn’t require much space. Easy to assemble. Maximum weight capacity is only 300 pounds
Chock-full of ingredients formulated to remove dead skin and protect your reborn feet. Twofold in terms of its effectiveness. Combines alpha hydroxy acid, which removes dead skin cells, as well as water-based ingredients that maintain your skin's plumpness. Some customers suggest using 2 times a day for best results. Helps combat allergy-related symptoms. Few reports that bottles may arrive with defects
An all-natural body oil that is ideal for use on sensitive skin. Doesn't irritate sensitive skin. Hydrating. Good size for the price. Uses all-natural ingredients. More expensive than the other products listed here
A well-crafted memory foam mattress that can compete with products four times its cost. 12 inches of foam provide ultimate firm support. Does not sink over time. Offers a cool and comfortable night's sleep. Two pillows included. Little support around the edges of the bed
Affordable gaming rig with the parts necessary for a quality VR experience. Computer comes with powerful GTX 1050 Ti graphics card for high-resolution VR. CPU is fast enough for most VR needs with little lag in performance. Included wireless adapter is only capable of connecting to 2.4 GHz networks
Whether you wear knee socks frequently or simply want a large variety to add to your wardrobe, this affordable set is a good choice. Value-priced knee socks that come in sets of eight pairs. Socks are made of stretchy, breathable material that provides a snug yet comfortable fit. Choose from a wide variety of solid colors and stylish patterns, as well as two size options. Material is thinner than that of pricier options, so they aren't the best for winter wear. It also tends to bunch up a bit around the toes
Philips' Go Light is more on the artistic than functional side, but it makes an excellent nightlight, side lamp or accent light. Hue colors are deep and vivid, and can be changed remotely through an app. Aesthetically pleasing "bowl of light," including a candle setting. Creates customizable back lighting for TV viewing. Wake-up alarm feature slowly brightens lamp. Onboard battery has short lifespan. Cord placement creates unstable base. Programming custom effects can be a challenge
One of the best folding salon chairs to buy if you want something with a lot of versatility. Folds into a variety of helpful configurations for different salon activities. Comes with removable head cushion, chrome towel hanger, and hydraulic stool. Chair reclines and has a foot rest. Heavy-duty welded steel frame. Very durable. Can be difficult to unfold and set up in a short amount of time
If you have multiple people gaming and streaming on your Wi-Fi network, you can’t top the speed, range, and secure connection of this model. Lightning-fast internet speeds. Best for extra-large homes. Easily sends HD content to multiple devices at once. Simple to install. 4 Gigabit Ethernet ports. Works with all major cable providers. One of the priciest cable modem-router combos available
Great value and great for toning thighs, abs, and legs. Comfortable pads. Earns rave reviews from petite owners who often find other rings too large. Retains shape and strength longer than most other rings on the market. Company claims they've never had a complaint about a broken ring. Doesn't come with booklet showing exercises, but you can find plenty of online instruction
