Would fit someone with a small head but it’s not a one size fits all.	But for me it’s almost too sturdy.	I would definitely recommend this anyone who is looking for a stylish shower cap option.	Not that easy to put on but works well.	Only downfall is if you have big hair this may not work for you.	There are a number of other products on amazon for a far better value prospective.
Would definitely recommend for a modern cool look.	They are a lot shorter than I expected but it ended up complimenting my room a lot.	Not good for living rooms that wanna look classy.	Very simple to put together, but there were not any directions included.	We do not have a ceiling light in our room so we rely on these lamps quite a bit for light.	Great for an adult environment where no one
In a pinch I would be perfectly comfortable pulling a 100% crop of something for casual use.	I have not been a fan of cameras that have deep menus, but Fuji's menus are pretty straight forward.	I love it's size and I've really enjoyed using vintage lenses on it like 44-2 Helios and Asahi Takumar 50mm get an adapter and these old lenses are so cool with this camera.	It's early to tell where this
Still feel more comfortable steadying it with your hand but don’t have to hold it down to use it.	We do use it consistently in the fall, but it really did not last as long as I would have expected.	Our church has made apple butter for over 20 years.	We love, love, love this item.	And I did NOT receive this for a discount in exchange for my review.	One of the greatest items
He uses it daily training for lacrosse.	We are very impressed with this rebounder.	Very disappointing for a rebounder at this price.	We bought this as a birthday present for my eight year old son.	We haven't had any issues but they've checked in with us to make sure we are satisfied.	It doesn’t lay flat or fold up for storage.	Doesn’t fold up for storage so it has to be stored upright but great
Bought them for an Antarctic expedition with National Geographic in November.	Would suggest trying half size larger for many.	Assumed that going up 1/2 a size would allow for a heavier sock.	I went to REI to find my size, I normally wear a 9, but a 10 in these fits me perfect.	I bought these for my son who is VERY difficult to please when it comes to shoe-wear.	I normally wear a size
We purchased this item for our condo.	We loved our Road Trip Grill so much that we purchased one for our son-in-law.	You would think that would use stainless here but no.	We also use this for camping.	We grill so much that after 10 years our old one finally was repurposed for another project.	We love our Roadtrip but was disappointed it was scratched up on one end when it was delivered.	We use
Very beautiful watch, if you look online on Nixon, those watches go for well over $500.	I purchased for my boyfriend, who has many Nixon watches.	This watch will be perfect for any ocassion.	Had not heard of Nixon watches before but will definitely consider them in future.	Obnoxious if you will, a bit heavy, but i like a large watch.	I've had my eye on this watch for some time.	He loved the watch.
You might have to tend this microwave on popcorn but everything else I have cooked works great.	Amazon did allow me to return it but charged a $30 restocking fee even though I had already purchased a replacement unit from Amazon.	Our old microwave decided to go to smoking.	I have contacted Toshiba for resolution.	Our last microwave lasted 10+ years.	I usually love Toshiba products, but this microwave was a huge disappointment.	I was
You don't get enough of it for your money.	So I can tell anybody who has oily skin this product is not for oily skin.	So don't expect this product would do a lot for you.	I purchased this for use as a daily sunscreen rather than as a primer, but it does an excellent job of both.	Bought this for my Mom, who LOVES using this sunscreen.	This is great daily sunscreen, especially for
You really do get what you pay for.	You cannot rely on any color to inform you about temperatures.	So if you want color changing shower heads this may not be the one for you.	In short don't waste your money but another one....	Easy install, although mine leaks, but itis probably user erro .	Super duper easy to put up to where instructions weren’t necessary but they were helpful.	It did not make for
So now I only use this for netflix or Amazon video via direct buttons on the remote.	As of now I would definitely have bought it again.	However about a week later I started noticing volumn would randomly go up for a second on its own.	Love the rich color images; no glare; good sound; easy to navigate but wish I could add apps that aren’t included though I can screencast.	Was Hesitant but needed
Would buy again if I needed an extra set.	I will most likely out a towel under them at which point I could have just bought two floor towels.	Aas not convinced they would work on carpet but they do!!!	But I will be getting larger ones next time.	These did not work well with my carpet as other people mentioned that they did.	I Since they are dual sided, I can use them anywhere
In addition I didn't feel like it was healthy for my eye lashes they still made me lose eye lashes.	I would recommend buying a different mascara unless you are looking for an extremely natural lash look.	So if you live in a place where it sometimes rains, might sometimes rain, if you’re a human that sweats, sneezes or cries, this is definitely not for you.	I don’t wear much makeup but this makes it
Would definitely recommend this suitcase for anyone.	In fact, I recently bought one for myself.	So much for that "Worry Free Warranty.''	I bought packing cubes but they're not needed, this has everything else it needs.	Thought I'd also try this 21" for carry-on despite having recently purchased a Samsonite Silhouette Sphere 2 Softside 21 Inch Spinner carry-on.	As a fit middle-age flyer, I walk for 30 minutes on sidewalks to the metropolitan airport near
Great for people with wide feet that work 10-14 hour days.	I bought these for my husband for work.	So far so good, have worn them for one week.	Bought these for my husband whom is in commercial roofing.	All together they did pretty well, not the best pair of boots but not bad.	Last time I purchased them which was my third pair, I bought three pairs at once fearing they would be discontinued.
I am not a fan of using a camera that is used for taking pictures for making movie shorts.	Now many problem, but bottom line, it doesn't work..	Has a lot of features for the price, easy to operate, I think it is a lot better than my K-7 that cost more.	There are many "modes" for this camera.	No it is not the best but an excellent camera for the amateur photographer in us
I bought them for my mom who makes potato pancakes frequently.	I would not recommend for some one who does a lot of cutting.	I have bought a lot of cut resistant gloves but could not use these because they were extremely small even though they are size large.	I am still very careful because mandoline blades are extremely sharp but I feel so much safer using them.	I almost bought them, but figured I'd
Would buy again for myself or as a gift.	You can bet if I had purchased at at store I would most definitely return.	Very comfortable but I will say that inserting a light comforter will be a pain to actually have laid out on the bed.	So far, they have exceeded my expectations for good duvet covers.	Not as soft/smooth as I typically like, but still comfortable.	Just received but have not put on
I cannot give a good review at this time as I have only used for two days.	I love how moisturized my skin feels after using this for a week.	Bought for my face used in combo with mirco derma roller.	I’ve read so many good things about vitamin C serum but it may not be for me .	I have had so many people compliment me for my complexion.	Use for my mask that
I also used it for sliced apples.	Great way to substitute some vegetables for carbs.	And was presently surprised to received 3 ebooks for free as well as additional perks.	So I saw this one on Amazon.	Great for anyone who wants to eat more veggies.	A tad messy but so worth not having to manually spiralize zucchini.	We are trying to decide how many items we can spiralize for Thanksgiving.	Our first test was
Its something you wouldn't pay $10.00 for at Harbor Freight.	Its a little pricey but once you've used it awhile you will see it was worth it.	Gift for my son Wish I would have understood that it did not come with a home charger ... only charges in his vehicle.	He loved it so much, we decided to buy our brother-in-law one too for his boat.....Highly recommended!	This little light was smaller than expected
Heavier than what I expected for Marula oil.	I saw it on YouTube as very good product but Nothing special about it.	A few items are good, but I am not impressed with this oil or its price tag.	Very small for its price but I can’t say much because I only had it for 2 weeks.	I bought this to use under my foundation but I find myself using it all day every day
Would definitely recommend for work purposes.	Not anti glare but also not advertised as such.	The Asus MB168 is way better for just a little bit more money.	Not as bright as I would like but fits in bag just fine for travel.	Resolution seems ok but color is a little washed out.	For the price, this product is just amazing.	Great for pairing with laptop and no power needed if 2 ports are USB
We had problems with previous routers due to our elevation but this one has worked perfectly.	All seemed to be fine but then after a couple days it started disconnecting randomly.	Still I had to troubleshoot this for two minutes on my Linux computer to discover I had none of my ASUS router bands on.	I bought this thinking it was going to be a nice good router, better than my old ASUS RT-N66U but
Not perfect but best I have found.	However, I do love silicone pans for baking.	You also need to be careful not to use a sharp knife to cut your finished baked item if you leave it in the pan because it would probably cut through the silicone.	I will absolutely be buying for myself.	I really wish they would include some sort of directions with it but there were none that I saw.	I
You are not going to do better than this for $20.	And it is "ineligible for return."	We are using them for LEGO tables.	You can’t expect too much out of a table for that price, but this honestly exceeded my expectations.	But be careful, "you get what you pay for," etc.	Purchased this table for my arcade1up machine, it was a perfect fit for it.	Very easy to put together it literally took me
You would think they would have some kind of quality control for this.	Would be good for a guest room that would never get used.	I loved it so much, I bought one for my mom.	Would recommend for anyone looking for warm solid comforter.	It wasn’t what we had hoped for.	We have a king size but I ordered 2 queen.	For August might be too warm but winter should be great with it.
Would recommend this watch for anyone trying to get in shape or just trying to stay in shape.	I purchased this item for my daughter who absolutely loves it.	I bought batteries but it did not help.	I would defiantly recommend this watch to people who are looking for a reasonably priced heart rate watch.	For shorter runs it was fine but for any long length of time I ended up with actual cuts under
I would highly recommend them if you are looking for a good pair of lightweight fitness gloves.	Good product & does exactly what I bought it for.	I bought these for my husband.	Not a fan - feels wasteful as I have not used them after a couple of tries.	Now that I have been using them for awhile my only wish is that they would offer a 2 lb version.	These gloves do not
We love it, we love that it is hard work, but rewarding.	Great product- using it for physical therapy after surgery.	Not sure how to rate it yet or if I should return it.	I have different size rings ....and, I bought this slightly smaller one to put in my suitcase for travel.	Not totally sure yet, it hurts a little while using it for my inner thighs could leave a bruise, but I do
I am not one who enjoys cooking but this machine makes it a lot more fun.	You can do better for this price.	We look forward to using them.	Only one item doesn’t fit in my ninja foodie but I knew the risk.	Everything that I purchased from Amazon is spot on.	Now where do I store all these small parts.	Don’t see myself using this set much.	It would be helpful if there was
Still no magic bullet but like I said much better than other products here.	I’ll finish out this bottle but won’t buy again.	I’m not really into reviewing purchases but I’ll do it this time cause the costumer service was fire.	I wish it came in a larger bottle but it will do.	A must have for anyone who is having problem with hairfall.	I have only been using it for 4 days so can't
I would definitely recommend this for anyone who wants a light natural coverage.	You can do much better for less money.	would be perfect for someone who doesnt care for make up or a lot of it.	I might also note that I have had difficulty finding makeup in shades that are not too pink for my skin.	I used this before when I purchased from a local Med spa & I loved it.	But
Coffee is better if used sooner but I don't mind it an hour later if I start with good coffee.	I loved it, until it suddenly started shutting off seconds into brewing last week.	I have purchased several $20 drip coffee makers that have lasted over 10 years.I paid much more for this one in an attempt to get a great cup of coffee.The coffee is not any better tasting and the fact that it
I would definitely recommend this bag for use as a school bag.	Was not too sure if I would like this bag but I really do enjoy this bag.	So I purchased this bag as my single carry on for a multi city trip.	You may not like that if you're a perfectionist, but it's not a deal-breaker for me.	Would recommend this for a college student or business professional for anyone looking for a
We buy from them because all the other DeWalt products we own have provided excellent service.	Great kit for price.	I am not a Dewalt fan but this set has been a delight.	Its not like its going to stay on there anyways but still.	Works perfectly -- the only problem is now I want to drill holes everywhere.	Unfortunately the arbors , in particular the small arbor only fits two of the smallest hole
You don’t need to clean it every time but I try to do it about every 100 pots.	We had bought it as an anniversary gift for ourselves.	I also recently bought a burr grinder, which makes a big difference too, but this coffeemaker deserves a lot of praise on its own.	We have owned this brand of machine for years.	For such an expensive device that advertises a high left of craftsmanship, this is
I will not be purchasing another Tobisha Amazon Fire TV.	Was hesitant that Amazon would be mean about Roku interaction but it works.	We rarely watch TV in the bedroom but this was an excellent deal.	Our dot can change inputs, which as strange as this may sound, was a huge selling feature.	I would not have bought it knowing what I do now.	Great if you do not have cable because it provides an
Great product for an absolutely great price.	He raved about this when I got it for him as a christmas present.	I bought this for my boyfriend who absolutely loves it.	Bought this wooden beard comb for my husband for Valentines Day.	He absolutely loved this comb.	He was wishing for some cool stickers or some kind of brand swag so he can show it off.	Great comb but mine was a very light color.
Would also be great for rears on a larger system.	You will need a lot of room for these.	So for our condo in Hawaii I tried a pair of these Polk speakers.	I bought these speakers for surround sound on my TV.	I would definitely recommend these for this application.	Would highly recommend them to anyone who has a great appreciation for music.	Would recommend these speakers for anyone looking for decent sound system.
We are now back looking for another machine.	So even a 4-cup coffee maker would be too large for us.	Still looking for an impressive coffee maker that is not too bulky.	Works great, I use "bold" instead of regular so it takes extra time, but still not long.	Took a while to get used to, but I do love it.	I did not a get a new one but a used one.	There were
So far I do not need the anchors, but they would be handy on leather or slick fabric furniture.	We ordered one size for our small couch, but it was too small.	It wasn’t as long as I needed for our sofa so I sewed two together.	But, for noncrazy dogs its probably a good value.	We got this pet sofa cover for our Puggle.	This will work perfectly for a dog who loves to
We looked everywhere for an old fashioned looking pink piggy that was toddler proof.	We needed a " money pig" for my grandson.	Not as big as I wanted but otherwise a great bank.	Great gift for those who are starting to collect some money.	Would definitely recommend these for any child.	that'll do Great for my daughter.	There is a plug that allows you to retrieve your money but it will take patience.	This
They don’t completely get rid of them but I’ve only used them twice so far.	He’s only used 1 so far but they seem to work just fine !	This is a gross photo but I’m so impressed with this product.	I had zero success removing blackheads with these, but it did tear my skin.	I purchased these most6for my preteen son, but wanted to try on myself before letting him use them.	These stuck
Would be too small for more people.	I purchased this one for my son for Christmas, he loevs it too.	it is okay but stuff does stick, not like copper frying pans I bought.	Didn’t fit in toaster oven which they were purchased for.	So many people recommended this for Breville Smart Oven Air so I bought one but I now regret buying this.	For those that feel it was too small for their larger
I love this lip gloss it is amazing it stays on for a long time.	Good coverage so I can go a little out of my lip line .I wouldn't give covergirl a bad review but it really dried my lips out .	However, when I DO wear it, it's absolutely fantastic.	Only downside was that my 5 year old son said he didn’t like the color ... but the rest of my family likes
Would have liked to seen the ability to upgrade the ssd hd to a 1 TB ssd hd for an upgrade fee.	Battery life not bad but wished it was longer.	If anyone has suggestions for that please pass them along.	I purchased it specifically for my online master's class.	So if you are rough on your laptop, it might not be for you.	This is NOT using it for watching movies or all day
He wears them everywhere.	He says they are the most comfortable golf shoes he has ever worn.	He says that they are very comfortable.	So I ordered a 12.5 double E which fit perfectly.	He’s very happy with them.	Would be a good shoe except for the squeaking sound they make when you walk.	Worst fitting shoe I have purchased on Amazon.	In fact he had me order another pair for backup.	Really light comfortable
For now this will work fine for kids shoes.	You should have two people for installation.	Not only did they cost too much but assembly was not easy.	It does what I need for our family shoes.	Very happy with this purchase, I only wish it had room for a few more pairs of shoes (i.e.	I don't know why I bought it was longer or able to fit more shoes but it still gets
Good value for what I spent.	Sturdy very pretty lamp, great light, I used an LED bulb for brighter lighting.	Looks a lot more expensive than what I paid for it.	Lights are pretty - I bought 2 of them.	So I bought an adapterso it now takes a regular CLF bulb -- 11Watt (40W equiv)a globe bulb with a soft non-glare light.	This is one of my best purchases from Amazon for sure.	Can't
You rarely get shot in the hands in comparison to other parts of the body, but I wouldn't recommend leaving them unprotected.	Good protection, i took two hits to the fingers from around 20 feet, i felt them, but no paine, no bruising.	These gloves may not be marketed for dirt bike gloves ,but they still are the best designed dirt bike glove ever produced.	Good for the price - the plastic pieces on the
Now, I think I may have been penny wise, but pound foolish.	also does fast charging which is essential for what I am using it for.	So for me it's just an expensive power strip with no 'smart' functionality.	I bought this thinking they would have work.	There was one time it stopped working where I thought it was faulty but there is an update on the software where I just need to update it
I have not used this item yet but am sure it will be as good as always.	Bought to try to fix some scratches which hardly did.	So you can imagine they have seen better days.	I’m not overly impressed, but it would be hard to return after I used much of it.	I also have used it on scuff marks after application.	So far it's only been one day but I went over my
I would definitely recommend this suit if you are looking for a retro look.	So I ordered it again for an upcoming beach trip.	Fits a lot better than OJ's glove, thats for sure.	Small fits me tight, but I think medium would be huge.	I was worried it would be too "self conscious because I gained weight so I bought a swimdress" but it really is cute.	So just watch out for that :)
You will defiantly save money by using your own homemade Pods instead of buying them weekly.	So back to Amazon for a refund they go.	Our last ones wouldn't produce a lot of coffee if too many coffee grounds were put in, but that's not an issue with these.	She has tried two other brands prior that did not work well.	I didn’t think I needed four but seems I do lol.	Bought these for
I also wish it had Displayport for 60Hz since this will mainly be used with computers.	You might not have problems, but if you do, you might also spend a lot of money without a resolution.	Considering a Samsung 55" 4K TV is over $2,000, this is amazing for this low price.	I am using this for my main computer screen, once calibrated it looks amazing.	Can't get 4K to work as monitor for my
Would be a great book for someone that has no knowledge.	Great book, lot of practical uses for every day stuff not usually thought of for survival, camping or day to day stuff.	In all honestly, there were less than five that we think could actually be used in a survival situation...but even then it would have to be a perfectly constructed survival situation, where you had all of the spare materials that you needed
I personally do not like Intel but this is a nice machine in a tight package.	As a bare bones simple business computer it's fine, ACER keyboard is very cramped but it is definitely fast enough motherboard.	I'm not a gamer , nor do I use my computer for business.	I do not game on it so have no idea if it is well suited for that.	Have used their products for 20 years.	Allowed
We are using it for our 5th\6th girls softball team.	Great set of gear for an 8 year old- 10 year old.	He put in some scratches already but it is doing well.	We ended up purchasing All Star catchers gear which is made SO much better than this stuff.	We bought this for our 10 year old son.	He had his set for 2 years.	He is 11, but either then that is was
I’m sure they will work great for what I need.	It was a "beauty & makeup" Christmas this year (advent calendars, mid-range palettes, etc.)	I am also happy because she actually uses it.	Not only is the packaging super cute, but both items are well made too!	Very good items for a very good price.	I just got it a couple of days ago but so far so good!!	This is exactly what I was
We have since bought another unit, also for office work.	I bought this for my husband, Michael, for his business.	I recommend this item to anyone looking for a reasonably priced printer that is high performance.	You just scan but things you did not want scanned show......can't crop out before scanning.	hahahhaaa So, I got it for myself.	I bought it new through Amazon but Epson said they would not honor the warranty because they
These are great everyday gloves for a Missouri winter season.	I bought the brown but hope I can find them in black as well.	They know their product quality speaks for itself.	My Mom asked for a pair of isotoner leather gloves.	They look pretty, but not sure what I'll do with them.	Great leather with thinsulate gloves, especially for winter driving.	They fit fine but the fingers are a little to long.	Very soft
Good quality bag for all sorts of stuff, not just tools.	Would also be a good bag for jumper cables and a few other car trunk items.	There is still plenty of room to spare for more stuff.	We bought it for our son in law, because my husband has had one just like it for years.	I bought a few of these to prepare some "network go kits" for team members in my company
We barely fit 2 but had cots.	He was in the middle of an airport camping so resorted to staying in the tent all night but slept under his air mattress to stay dry.	For motorcycles, it fits in a standard Harley saddlebag, so great for traveling with.	We camped in Yellowstone National Park for three days.	Not ideal for backpacking although I’ve done it without much of a problem.	I love this tent-its definitely
Really an Amazon problem but seems to occur a ton with the Nespresso machines.	To be honest, I cannot stand this machine; really sorry I bought two (2) assuming it would be fine.	Seems I received a used one when I paid for a brand new one... Was not fully packed correctly on inside..	I recently bought another one for a non-believer friend of mine ,who has a $3500.00 espresso machine that he used everyday.
It works fine but it does not fit in my 2002 Ford F-250 even though it says it does.	We never did get to install it due to not having ALL of the proper parts.	He loved the idea of installing it into his 08' Mazda but we had to return it as someone else in the family had already ordered & set up an install date with s local company.	Nice Radio but Apple
Great budget optical drive for my Asus laptop being that it is an ultrabook with no optical drive.	She has not used it yet but is happy with it, so I also am happy.	Bought this in September, 2015 for an HP mini desktop mini computer.	Purchased as a gift for my husband who did not have a built in CD/DVD in his laptop.	Great for netbooks or notebooks that have hard drive caddy that
You can probably find an equally good product that will give more bang for your buck.	A little pricey but I will definitely buy again.	I have purchased it before but never on Amazon.	I love it it is just soo expensive for such a small bottle.	I have used them for years.	Great stuff but cannot be used every day.	As an added bonus, my boyfriend can’t stop smelling my hair when I use
I won't be ordering it again but it's not a terrible product I also might have had a bad batch.	Great for refilling chalk balls or using as loose chalk in your bag.	Great chalk, but don't worry too much about buying these major brand names.	Its decent chalk, finely ground, but it doesnt stick as well as my buddy's.	You can spend 3X more on other products that do not perform the least bit
We enjoy using them.	Now if they'd just make them that way to start with....	Very nice eco brush for an eco friendly person, use it with care.	As an environmentally conscious person i try to but as much recycled or natural ( bio degradable) products.	These are good, but personally I think they're overly packaged.	Now, if Amazon could start shipping in paper envelopes instead of plastic, we'll be all set.	We like the
I’m not a pro waxer, but I did not find it easy at all.	Thank god I didn’t do the bikini area because I’m RAW & inflamed.	For me, these were very painful but I don't usually wax.	I have tried multiple times but doesn’t work.	Now, I solely use Sue Ismiel & Daughters 3166-4 Nads Bikini Wax Kit from NAD'S for everything (legs, bikini,...), and I have to say it works perfectly even though
At first I was skeptical with this product but after 4 days my feet started peeling like crazy.	I’ve used this type of foot mask before but I’ve never gotten results like this.	I loved this foot peel, it worked wonders for my tired pregnant feet.	I had rougher heels that pedicures did nothing for so I tried these out.	It did work but I thought it would come off smoother.	I didn’t think it
We have used them for 2 camps this year already.	We will make do with it but it is not our favorite.	We purchased this tent as an added play space for our kids early covid-19 once we knew we would all be home together.	We did not have bad weather.	As another reviewer said, the description said "tent includes remote controlled light" but there was no remote control included.	You do need two people
So easy to use , but make sure you use some spray oil on them.	As I personally eat about 2 dozen eggs per week this is my "new favorite toy".	In twenty minutes, I had six perfectly hard boiled eggs with no mess, no peeling.	Despite what others have said about this particular "egglette" set I have had bad experiences.	You definitely need to oil/butter the interior or your eggs will stick to the
I did my research before I purchased this set up for my home.	Its all about your package do not fall for this trick that it will make your wifi faster IT WONT..	We have had Netgear stuff for years.	Don’t spend money on cable company modems..you are wasting 15 per month for no reason.	So no one get to use it but I am sure Amazon will keep trying to sell it to another
Would return but I threw my box out.	Now I have 3 different size irons I use for work.	In fact, I will be ordering one for her.	You don’t have to hold on for too long so it won’t damage hair.	I absolutely loved this curling iron.	She was for very happy when she received it.	So sad I didn’t end up loving this for my hair.	Great price for this piece I couldn't
We have started something because several of their friends are now asking for one too.	We bought this for our Granddaughter for her Birthday.	We purchased this for our granddaughter; age eight.	We bought this for our 6 year old who is in gymnastics.	Great for practicing in their garage.	We bought this for a Christmas present for our 8 year old.	Great for practicing on in between weekly classes.	Really nice for a practice
Would definitely recommend this for those looking for an easy to use cheap lock.	I would not call this a fail by no means, but if I had to do over, maybe would have bought something more high quality.	You wouldn't use this for anything heavy duty, it's just not made for that.	We were tired of the "old school" locker style pad lock on our shed - sometimes that old school type twist lock
She loved them but I found out I could have got them cheaper at Burlingtons.	Good for cocktails too.	So when searching for acrylic tumblers this item came up.	You really only get 4 regular sized drinking glasses but I'm happy with my purchase they are what they seem.	Now they are just sitting in my shed with no use for them.	So I spent an entire day searching for the perfect glasses to go
We purchased this thru Amazon in 2013 but didn't use it until summer of 2015.	Have always loved Coleman products, so bought this for camping.	If I could send it back, but the time allowed by Amazon has expired.	As advertised would buy again perfect for home when you lose power but would want larger size for camping.	I've already send you a review on this but I will do it again.	I received slight
Would be fine for small caliber guns .	Good looking scope but I would spend more if you are putting on higher caliber rifle.	I must have got luck as I paid less than $60 for this.	I like them equally for what they are.	Took a bit to get it zeroed in but once I did it held its accuracy.	I’ve had a lot of luck with Bushnell.	Great riflescope for my Ruger 10/22.
I don’t love this item but it was perfect for its purpose of being used for a concert.	I am not a fan of everyone being able to view what is in my purse for private security reasons.	Purchased specifically for my wife when we attend our favorite sporting events at venues that do not allow conventional non see through hand bags.	Great for sporting events that only allow clear bags.	That’s what I use
She loves these ones so much so I’ll keep buying them for her.	A little big on my little one but will grow into them by next year.	These socks are perfect for spring/summer weather.	These are nice socks at a better price than what you can get them for at Walmart.	I bought these for my daughter but they are really big so I kept them for myself.	They were not expensive but I
Don't get me wrong, I love it for sleeping, as it keeps my "teardrop heavy" shaped breasts off my tummy, thus avoiding itching.	Fits well, but isn't nearly as comfortable as I thought.	I have no idea how this is possible but out of the package these bras had an overpowering stink located In the pleated section of the bra.	No support might make a fair sleep bra but I definitely wouldn’t wear it out
They are the only ones I have found that keep my hands toasty for an extended period of time.	Definitely a great product for super cold days and just a great pair of mittens.	They kept our hands warm, but never made them sweaty.	They are a bit too warm for warmer spring skiing.	Had Burton mittens before that were excellent, but did not like these.	Just used for spring skiing in Alta and they
We were so impressed that we purchased a second one as a gift for some friends.	Its quiet also so it was really good decision for me.	So it’s been 5 days since I have it- let me tell you it makes difference at nights for me.	As a humidifier for reliving cold or sinus symptoms, I do not reccommend.	You cannot hear anything while is on, it least for more than 8 hours so
As other reviews have said, this machine does not leave the vacuum lines on the carpet like heavier machines do but it's doing the work.	So thanks for that experience.	Its lightweight but has a strong motor that picks up stuff we did not even know was there.	Our cleaning lady said: "Is good vacuum!"	As with all newer versions of previously working excellent models, they have cut a few corners.	It would seem we
Would like to return it but probably have left it too late.	I bought an "open box" item, but it appeared to be brand new, never opened.	You'll need to anchor it to a stud but once you get used to a light up mag mirror you'll wonder how you ever did without it.	Bought this for my girlfriend so she can do her up close make-up stuff.	Not sure wall anchors would suffice for
Not what he was expecting when he ordered it but he loved it.	So far no problems but has not had a lot use yet.	I bought this item as a gift for Christmas for a relative who is into prospecting.	Good hammer but takes to long to do the job, faster to use 4 inch electric grinder.	All in all, you could spend a lot more for less quality.	Was okay , handle could
He can't set this up himself, but once I set it up, he has no problem adjusting it.	So it’s not comfortable for me but my husband is happy with it.	Great idea for California weather.	I bought this for my 94 year old mother so she would be able to enjoy nice sunny days with us outside.	We have had Kelysus chairs too, but what sets this one apart is the larger canopy that
In general I prefer my Merrell shoes to hike in but these Reeboks are awesome shoes.	So now was this was my 12th pair.	Very nice authentic shoe comfortable nice colors but they didn’t help me out run the cops :(	I bought these shoes for work.	Use them for walking per added arch support.	I use these shoes for work, I work 7-7 12 hours a day a lot of walking I’m a service
Had one tight spot were it wouldn't ratchet, wish I had a 100 tooth, but no biggie.	Gear wrench set great never had any problems have had them since amazon started was one of frost products l bought had them for six years	I feel like they are a good price for what your getting.	Don't use them to break bolts loose, they aren't meant for that.	To be fair, it was tough nut I
We have used hand warmers for even colder days.	Very good quality but did not work on the touch screen.	Good quality gloves but I received the wrong color.	Not made for long fingers, so sizing is off , not comfortable so returned	And my grandsons won’t borrow them because they’re pink.	They are way too small for large gloves.	Only pro is they do come small enough for small hands.	Very comfortable gloves that
I usually wear a medium top but ordered a large In navy blue.	I think xs would work but I did not want it clinging.	I used this on a beach trip for four days.	I even ordered a medium size, but usually wear a small, but it is still uncomfortable.	Not as snug as I would have liked but it’s good.	He is longer than a typical medium size allows, which often pushed him
He wears it under his shirt, belt is comfortable for him against his skin, no chafing.	Would like a hole for headphones but other than that.	Bought ths for my college age son to carry his Solu-Cortef emergency injection kit while out hiking with friends.	Bought a new spibelt after my old one I’ve had for 3 years finally got too worn.	Seems weel built, but I've only had it a couple days so....	Bought
Since having them they have shown paired on my devices but would not connect when I select the appropriate device.	In all, it’s very good value for money.	We absolutely love this speaker.	Now, only one of them is working properly.	Great for the money.	Battery life is better than most for a speaker this size it last long when its not at max volume, but when it is mine lasted anywhere from 2-8 hours.
In reality, I've never once been able to watch a show from beginning to end without having it drop connection or suffer from pixelation.	Works great on my IPad, but no luck so far thru Chromecast.	Our first slingbox worked for three years but did not survive a cross country move.	Now I have $133.49 box sitting on my TV stand that doesn't do a thing.	Works very well except for the fact that this
And Amazon says it is not elligible for return because of special shipping/packaging.	Now, we are hearing notes from cds that we have had for years that we could never enjoy before.	You definitely get a lot for your money with this subwoofer.	Not for someone who wants bucket fulls of bass.	Great sound for the price too.	I bought another one for my living room and it is working out great also.	Can put
You can also set up different “scenes” which are like pre-set modes for your lights.	But these frequently go on sale , so I would never pay full price for them.	Everything with the kit worked wonderful - easy to set up, worked seamlessly with Alexa - I am just disappointed with the color.	We had no interest in color or operating room lights so these are great for our living rooms.	Now he's making
In fact, I am ordering a second one just for golfing.	Its very stretchy but I got an size medium larger than my waist size but I wear it on my hips.	I would not recommend this for working out or even as a fanny pack.	Fits around my hips but sometimes when I run will slide up my stomach, not a big deal though.	I originally ordered an XXL because I was worried it
We’ve both used it for almost 90 days now.	She received it late yesterday but will be trying it out this evening.	Would highly recommend for yourself or a gift.	I bought 2 so I have one for our vacations home too.	I would definitely recommend this item for yourself or as a gift.	But it’s eased now that it’s been out of its packaging for a few days.	I would definitely recommend this product
I would definitely recommend these chairs for anyone looking for a comfortable glider.	We tried to send it back but we found out too late when we got rid of the packaging.	I am hoping Amazon will let me exchange it for a new one.	Only have had it a few days of course but am really pleased so far.	So I bought it on Amazon and got it delivered very fast and free for
So I returned for a full refund.	Bought for my bedroom, fit perfectly in my small place .	As far as sound is concerned, I it is good, but my primary TV's are tied to surround sound.	There is even an app for your smartphone that you can use as an extra clicker.	We need to frequently re boot the TV to activate the bluetooth connection & sometimes we need to reboot for sound as
We wanted something that would provide light but not be too bright.	These are great night lights - had too buy two sets bcs friends kept wanting them when they came over.	We had a hard time finding nightlights that weren’t too bright that also had a simple design we liked for our home.	And they are too bright for bedrooms.	Its unfortunate because I do like them, if only they worked.	These are nice
Wears them for tennis.	I am giving them for stars because they are very thick.	You definitely get what you pay for.	Great knee sleeves but I had to get a size bigger than my other ones so I returned the first pair.	I’ve been wearing these for about 3-4 months.	I have had aching knees for such a long time after I do a leg routine.	I used these today for back squats @275lbs😍👊🏼
Works great but I do wish that when you hold the power button to turn it off that it would actually turn off everything plugged into it.	does what I bought it to do - wish it ran a little longer though.	Our power goes out regularly for a few seconds to a few minutes.	Ours worked, somehat, but was defective.	There is also one for my desktop PC.	Worked for a day then all
You can't ask for better customer service.	We keep them outdoors here in the desert SW with endless sunlight all day.	Not sure if its the rechargeable batteries or the solar contacts that are bad but something definitely is wrong.	We bought 12 but only put up 6 so far.	One downside is that they dim near end of night but that is to be expected with solar power.	We bought them for their simple,
So far is fine but I do not know yet for how long it will lasting.	So far I've been using them for almost a year with no quality concerns or issues.	Love that this set comes with a board for each type of item you'd be using it for.	I bought these for my partner & she's very happy with these color coded cutting boards.	Not heavy but they do the job.	Good idea
Can't answer any install questions but I definitely recommend this fan.	I didn’t install it but my guy made it look easy.	Our old fan was fully variable speed instead of two speed but that hasn't been as much of a problem as I expected.	He cut a hole in the ceiling to the exact size of the cover, but the hole was too small to put the fan through i.e.	In the other house
Our bed was too high for our old dog to join us on his own.	You cant really store anything under your bed as this is too low but for what i bought it for I like it.	Seems quite sturdy, though I have only used it for a couple days.	So far - so amazing 😉 much higher than I thought .	I bought it for my son who is too tall to lay
Great all around weatherproof boot for everyday ranch stuff.	I used Ariat boots for 30 years.	I will forever only use these shoes for hiking or trekking through any terrain.	Just need sturdy shoes for environment I’m in.	So I bought my pair from a local store on sale.	I bought these boots for hiking.	I bought these boots for nursery/ farm work.	So I'd recommend them for all around town walk.	I have worn
Would not recommend except for display.	Great value for price.	This item was used by me twice.	Works great to help the wine "breathe".	Was hoping getting her this would get me an invite to her next party, but unfortunately not.	Great idea, but very poor execution on functionality from wine enthusiast	There are a couple design flaws that made me give this a one star, especially for $40.	This decanter is beautiful but not
Great value for what I paid for it.	So nice, I ordered one for myself.	Just received this today - very quickly I thought.	Definitely recommend for any occasion.	Very disappointing because i really did like it.	I bought this as a cake base for a wedding I'm doing I'm truly impressed!!!	Great choice for me.	We used this for a cake stand for our sons lumberjack birthday party.	We used these for serving of
I used this for caving in an aquifer.	Fits a little loose up top but I don’t think I could have gone down a size.	We use wet suit for water skiing in central Texas, so we do not use these for long periods of time.	I do NOT like cold water, so this was really a test for me.	I purchased this for my husband who is 6'2" and 198 lbs.	I am a
You can't "crack" them like normal ice trays to release the ice.	You have to be carefull when stacking them.	Our ice cube maker is not working thus the need for them.	Don’t just put water in them.	Not only do the lids help to keep "stuff" out of the water as it is freezing, but it also makes it easier to stack.	And I'm never quite sure how full to fill these, but they
Would definitely buy again for our next house.	Would be great if they came with a template for drilling holes.	We liked them so much that we bought them again for our most recent kitchen renovation.	We put cabinets in my grandson new home.	Very good price for a super high quality item.	We are very pleased with them.	So happy with them.	He said he is shopping Amazon for now on!	These handles are
I’ve always used it for wine too.	I loved this, but so disappointed because today it cracked.	I am buying another so I have an extra for when friends visit.	You do need to add some ice to your glass, but no meltiness or luke warm coffee happens.	Easy to use but doesn’t fit as much coffee as I’d like.	We don’t make iced coffee every day but when he do, this has worked really
I never purchased this before, but was not impressed.	I probably won’t buy it again but it was OK In a pinch.	I will buy this brand for myself when I run out.	I love this stuff for removing makeup or just freshening my skin if I’m not showering.	I've heard so many good things about this but unfortunately, i did not have the same experience.	You can just head for bed directly when you
Bought for secret santa gift, my coworker loved it.	As a bonus, I can use it for hot beverages like coffee or hot coco too!	As a daily use I cannot determine since I did not purchase for myself	I had an issue with the first one where it would not turn on but they sent another.	We replaced the batteries every two weeks when we were using them.	They are so great for mixing
You have to buy an adapter for the plug that does not come.	You are not getting an $80 item for $18.	Its nice but tuning is by hand, it doesnt have seek its a digital clock with a manual tuning it doesnt make a lot of sense, its solid but come on its 2016.	Instructions say to take it to the nearest Sony dealer if this happens, but doesn't that defeat the purpose of
Great for a gift.	This was a perfect gifft for my husband who has everything.	So I did not return as damaged.	Would have given it 5 stars but that would be to easy.	Would recommend this flask to a friend for sure.	Very happy with this and will suggest it for others looking for a flask.	Have not used it yet but looks nice well built.	Looks good but cheap.	The flag emblem however
Love these boots but my legs are swimming in them.	She was absolutely thrilled with them.	I bought this for myself for Christmas something I always wanted love them very comfortable..	Great for rainy days.	So I purchased an 8.	I bought these boots for my fiancé.	I used these four days a week for three months until they completely broke apart.	She said they felt good at first, but actually ended up feeling too
I bought this so my techno-phobic husband could watch tv without asking me which remote to use for a movie, etc.	This remote allowed me to get rid of 8 other remotes  And at reduced price of $56 - it is great value Highly recommended- but you will almost certainly need some telephone customer support to achieve some very fine tuning - fortunately, customer support is very good!	I've purchased five of them; two for
I have 2 costume corsets from Amazon I bought for about $30 each.	Its too small, but I will get into it at some point, I still love it 100% I just have a odd shaped belly since my last pregnancy	So I've had this corset for about a month .	Very nice for posture, fits as expected.	So I will wear it on occasion as part of an outfit, but I don't think it
Great heater for medium sized room.	Not being used for everyday.	Too much said, but really, you bearly hear that sound.	We got this for my mother in law.	Our new den does have 9’ ceilings, but this little guy does very little.	Works great Don't know how much electricity it uses but keeps our large basement fairly warm (with floor fan)	No auto shut off timer or thermostat control to shut off at a
I will never buy an Asus product again.	I never used an Asus computer before.	Other than that screen problem it is a great computer and I absolutely recommend it.	I'll purchase 2 more for my business soon.	Nothing you can do but buy a wireless mouse.	Pros: An outstanding processor A nvidia 750GT capable of ANY game nowadays with reasonable quality The touchscreen is very sensible The battery can hold a lot considering that
Definitely a great camera for someone with beginner/intermediate skills.	good item,worked well for a first time user.	I would recommend for a beginner.	So enough said, I am her hero for getting this camera.	Great Camera, bought for my 12 year budding photo journalist.	I think this camera is perfect for beginners.	I can't believe I got this camera for so cheap.	In excellent condition for being used.	I purchased this for my daughter, who
Great product would buy again but an even Greater gift.	Great for those who do jaw line or goatee or anything like that.	We never put it under water nor did we use it nonstop but it did not last so would caution buyers as to reliability.	Now I’m shopping for another.	And make sure you have rechargeable AA batteries cause they give you 1 battery but that’s it.	I bought this for my husband,
Battery life is better than I expected - lasted for nearly an entire 5 hour airline flight.	She is using foam tips bc they have better noise isolation, but if you prefer silicon ones, there are three sizes available.	Don't confuse them with great headphones for music.	Great quality,great price just like I hoped.awesome buy for sure.best sounding headphones I have	Sound is amazing , they are also noise canceling :) perfect for any type
Would have been five stars if it wasn’t for him not being able to hook it up himself.	Bought it to see trailer hitch when backing up to trailer for exact backup put magnetic tape on back on camera bracket.	This camera has quick response time for being wireless.	We have ordered this product for nearly all of our commercial Ford F150s.	We use this mainly for pulling or camper.	I did not install it
For being so inexpensive, this is an excellent bit of gear for my home office.	Great value for money, fits all of our laptops we have which are different sized.	All in all, AmazonBasics for the win, again.	This is perfect for my "work from home" set up.	I bought this for my husband & helps with his neck & back pain.	It would have worked OK, but I ended up going with another product,
We used it in our bedroom for an occasional bottle of water or wine.	As quiet as it is, this is perfect for my office.	We haven’t actually plugged them in yet since our electrical is being fixed in our newly constructed basement.	Would be great for a college dorm room or a room in a college apartment.	To be fair, I intentionally purchase a lot of pantry staples to keep the fridge from combusting,
As you know, fitbit devices have useful functions for healthcare.	I purchased a cloth/nylon band from Amazon for $17 which is so much better.	I’d definitely suggest buying a scratch guard for this.	I have always had an apple watch, but he has a Samsung phone so I needed something compatible.	I had a charge 2 which I also loved but this one is so much better.	Battery life is good; I typically recharge when
Bought four of these, used three of them for steak dinners cooked on our large Weber gas grill.	No, I do not work for Lodges or represent them professionally.	I have only used them a few times but I like them.	Would have gotten 5 but it was a littl narrower than what I thought.	We used these for commercial purposes.	Awesome product highly recommend worth for your buck.the wood base are great no cracks
For me, at least, it's too soft; not enough support for my hips so I get backaches.	Would want a queen size for daily use.	Its been an adjustment to the memory foam, but I am sleeping well.	If you are looking for a bed with medium firmness I highly recommend this bed.	We were stuck for several years with our $3,000 non-returnable Beauty Rest "Rock".	I did a YouTube video on converting my Queen
We are actually using this cover for our lawn mower.	Would LOVE IT if it came with optional heavier material for next time.	Great fit even with my box on the back for hauling what ever.	Item did not fit properly on standard 80 inch roof on my cart.	We could not have asked for a better cover for our golf cart.	Purchasedd this cover in Jan of 2014, covered golf cart under an aluminum
Would definitely recommend for other beginners.	As my first prime lens, I really am enjoying what you can do with it.	I definitely love it for portraits.	But if that’s a problem for you I wouldn’t recommend getting this lens.	Bought this for my husband to use with his Canon T-3.	Great value for a fun Canon lens.	Great value for a "nifty fifty" f/1.8 prime -- a quintessential for every photographer, pro or hobbyist.
Now I have to order another one for myself.	So much better than my last pair that were dead in a month.	You can punch holes for numerous things such as belts, watch straps, anything that can take a hole punching from this tool.	You won't be sorry you purchased it... it has different size holes for different types of belt holes, too.	So for one price I get to keep items I would have
He needed these or quite a while.I am glad I found them here.as always,Amazon has what I am looking for.Thanks.	He has foot deformities & had to keep his shoes stretched.	Now I can finally get all my too-small shoes after foot surgery to fit me better than ever.	I will keep this unit for my wives small narrow shoes but I would like a stretcher for my shoes.	Whew, finally able to make room
You will need an extra roku for each tv.	I got for my mom her second one For anther room.	Would be great for a TV not used often or to use in a kids room if they wanted TV.	We bought this for an extra television in our small office.	I definitely recommend this product as a great substitute for cable.	Would not have purchased if I knew how awful their customer disservice was
Very cute but they do slip off the glasses in the dishwasher	They would also make a great gift for any cat lover on your list.	Great for a party or just to add something to make your glass of wine even more enjoyable.	Got these wine glass markers for our neighbor who has several kitties.	As soon as my mom opened this for her birthday, her friends started calling dibs on colors!	Arrived &
Its an air freshener that smells good, but did not help the odor in the rental house.	I have bought most of the different products they have hoping to find the one that lasts long enough to get my money’s worth but all of them are short lived.	I have used them for about 5 years now.	I’ve used this stuff for years.	We have an old house part of which is closed off during
Now I cannot use it as a flat bed anymore - only as a dolly.	For small but dense furniture like your fridge or cabinet, you definitely should use this dolly.	Good thing i did not have an urgent need for it though.	Assembly is required but not too bad.	Would like for them to replace those bolts for me.	Good for gardening, lugging stuff from car to garden, moving heavy stuff everywhere.	Good for
You might if making multiple shots wear your arm out pumping it but I can see how you can even use this on a camping trip.	I would not recommend this item for someone who needs more than one shot of espresso a day.	No need for an outlet, or even batteries.	So i recommend don't wast your money for this item.	I bought this for my husband who is a coffee afficianato.	There is
I’ve been using this for about 5 days.	I probably expected too much from a cheap bottle of foaming cleanser, but I've been dazzled by Korean beauty stuff before.	Would only recommend for extremely oily skin.	So I used it as shaving soap for my legs.	Can't really assess if it did anything for my skin as I only used it twice.	You've delivered yet again.	I originally started buying this product on amazon, but
I bought this from amazon because amazon has far superior customer service than Samsung itself.	Would definitely buy again if the need ever come up.	TV sucks can't get sound out to home theatre receiver a pioneer vsx-933 also bought on Amazon looked on internet many people with same problem great picture but can't use it the way I wanted don't buy this tv	A bit pricey but my husband would not settle for a
Not easy to adjust shelves but it also doesnt require to take apart to adjust.	Its basically functional for what I needed it for.	This Is perfect for my kitchen definitely happy with purchase.	We purchased this item for our daughter's apartment.	Not difficult to put together but is slightly unsteady despite any adjustments I make.	You do need an electric drill or screw driver for the wooden part.	Assembly was a breeze but note
You will definitely get your heart rate up with this piece of equipment.	A must for those looking to be in shape or maybe just do some cardio.	You can customize any program you'd like to do, but the preset intervals do plenty to make my heart feel like it's going to explode out of my chest.	So they agreed - Amazon is the place to buy it.	You will feel like you ran 5k
Great for students/people who like to work in bed like I do.	Great for laptops too.	Purchased for use with my MacBook Pro, works great, very comfortable.	There is no grip on the actual surface which was an issue for me.	There wasn't enough room for my mouse.	It doesn't have room for a mouse like other reviews mention, however, I don't use a mouse w/ my laptop so not a problem.	My 15in laptop
We did not have anyone to help but we were definitely able to do it with these.straps Would definitely recommend.	As such, these are marginally helpful but definitely not as easy to use as advertised.	I was a little wondering about them before I bought them but figured I would try them.	Don't be even slightly overweight, it won't fit properly for use.	I will be buying a second pair for sure.	We didn't end
Great option for those who don't have more money.	Purchased this lens for macro work, also find it works great for portraits.	Great macro lens which is also very good for walk around, routine use.	I am not technical, but the glass on this lens puts out extremely beautiful images.	For many years I wanted a 1:1 macro, but instead used lens adaptors, with this being 1:1 it is used quite often.	You'll often hear
Seems to do it very well - I guess time will tell just how good it is, I replaced a mid/top range 10 yr old Draytek with this if it lasts as long I'll be even more delighted.	I've had this item for about a month now.	Good router, has worked for what I was looking for perfectly so far.	I’ve now returned router to Amazon for a refund.	Great router, takes a bit to
Took a while to get her set up but when I did, i'm all smiles.	I am currently shopping for a replacement as I cannot deal with these problems any more.	No issues with wireless setup ( I have an Asus router - very good product) .	In looking at all of the printers available on Amazon at the time, this was the best value with the best reviews.	Don't think I've ever been happier
A very nice shoe I no longer Jog but these would have been perfect.	Very nice comfortable fit my nephew really love them he asks for another color.	After having two partial knee replacements my running days are over but I needed a good walking shoe.	I’ve noticed on both shoes black marks appearing on both tips of shoes.	Fits snugs but it will stretch with wear.	I have had them for awhile in box.
We had to "make" it work for that event.	We ordered it to take to car shows but it may not even fit in our car.	You might could do it with one person, but it would be a pain.	Bought this for my husband for Father's Day .	Now I have to deal with returning a 32 pound item because of the misleading name.	We checked out other web sites for prices, but Amazon
So bought a few when I saw Amazon has it.	I love this toothpaste, but this one here is too small at this price.	Weird but I totally taste like it should have milk but it doesn’t look like it.	However, it's not a bad deal for a travel size tube of Sensodyne, so I'll use for travel.	I have no idea what is in this toothpaste, but it makes your teeth REALLY white.	I'm
Would recommend this product to anybody looking for similar item.	I don't review many products, but was compelled to rave about the pair of Almond 2015s I bought.	I would recommend this router to anyone looking for a reliable router for not a lot of money.	Instructions lacking but with half a brain it will set up in 10 min as an extender.	I had my doubts when buying this router, but I'm glad I
He will wear them for quite some time.	So I hope Danner keeps these on their list for hokong boots.	I will be wearing them as one pair of a few for my daily walking.	New pair will be saved for desert trekking.	I bought these for my husband for work use.	I will be buying through here for my next pair.	Bought these for my husband, he loves them.	I bought these hiking boots
Its bigger than what it may appear like on screen but not too big.	Would return but it just too much of a hassel.	We thought it was a little overstuffed, but that's a way better problem than it being under-stuffed.	We have always purchased bean bags for my dog's bed.	Its a great value for what you get.	It did deflate pretty fast but I ordered more beans.	There are a lot of mixed
Purchased 3 Weiman products but have not used them yet.	Our store quit carrying it but thanks to Amazon, I can still get it.	In desperation I looked on Amazon & chose the Weiman Product.	We have used this regularly for 10 year.	My stove top wasn’t even bad but it had a few spots that normal kitchen cleaner wouldn’t get but this product didn’t do much better.	I have been using Weiman cooktop cleaner
We've only used twice so cannot comment on the durability; but seems that if you aren't too rough it should hold up just fine.	Can put up with one person but two makes it easier.	Great for day outings or camping.	We did not use the instructions to assemble this tent either.	Perfect size for what we needed and they do not collect rain like some of our others have.	Good EZ POP UP Canopy
Install was super easy for my husband, however he is a genius so everything is simple for him.	You are foolish if you don't have one, particularly this Lux model.	Bought this thermostat for one reason: it's supposed to have an 'adjustable vacation hold' feature.	Keep changing them but it keeps happening.	To hard to open cover for controls, Clicks on loud	Replaced it because of the dreaded "battery error", tried everybody's fix - not
For people with bigger hands look for larger ones.	I would say as a guy I have medium hands, but could have used a tougher one.	Its hard to assign an appropriate number of stars to this because it is not the fault of the product that it is too difficult for my hands.	I wasn't sure which "weight" to buy from Gripmaster, but I think this one worked out well.	Really great item, but
I don’t LOVE this item but I like it.	I would have given this 5 stars but I’ve had eye infections constantly since I started using this.	I’ve only been using it a few days but I’m already halfway done with it.	I purchased “light” color (it has a soft warmer tone) but it doesn’t seem over highlighted like more brands does.	So I guess it works for some but wow I only used this
Would not buy it at 300$ but definitely a 200 dollar headphone.	Had them for six weeks, daily use, no problems.	Definitely good, but for the same price you can easily get a better pair of sennheisers.	You can’t make them smaller.	Very comfortable, able to wear for long periods.	Sound is amazing but I miss having noise cancellation when in noisy environments.	I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loves
Its perfect for that.	You can truly use any conducting object to write on it, but I have found that when I turn my stylus on it writes more smoothly.	Seems amazon only bothers to help for 60 days...not cool.	In reality my original silver version has worked for over 5 years so considering this new one cost under $200, paying $40 a year average seems well worth it in today's throw away world.	We
Great for Hot summer days.	We have found so many uses for them.	You know exactly what’s in them because you filled them yourself.	We ended up using straws which defeated their purpose.	We will definitely be using these for years to come.	Great idea that can include healthy choices for home made frozen treat.	So far I've only used them for making adult beverage popsicles.	They have fill line written on them making it
Good light but I would appreciate answers or else I’m returning it.	We bought 2 of them initially but one stopped working after a year or so.	You really do get what you pay for.	You do not need to worry about water damage because the connectors are the light housing are water resistant.	After researching multiple lights, my husband finally purchased two of these lights for our mountain bikes.	Don't do much night riding,
We are using them for our platform bed so that we can get some shallow boxes under it for storage.	We tried using both sets but it was MUCH too high.	Still waiting for someone to help me install them.	For the purse I need these I should have purchase two sets but I was able to make them work.	This was only thing I could find that will give me enough lift for my
I do wish they had a black model, but few other complaints.	So if that for some reason is a big deal for you, keep it in mind.	We do not care for it but we kept it.	So there was nothing left to do but return it.	Not bad but nothing about it impressed me.	I am returning immediately, no patience for this.	We also tried to download Windows 10 onto the computer but
I use this stuff after every shampoo & conditioning & leave it on for 10 minutes then rinse out & my hair feels like silk.	I have no idea what that god awful odor is in this goop, but it's nearly overpowering.	I love this stuff .It keeps my hair frizz free for like a week.	I don’t know if I would but again or not though, might try something different since it wasn’t exactly
No need for this item if only 2 channels are available.	I purchased this for when I would lose power bad idea on my part programming channels is like pulling teeth if I could give this product less than 1 star I would.	Note: He did buy a separate antenna for better reception.	Shipping back is more of a hassle so I will deal with it but would not purchase this item again.	Would rather
You will definitely need two people to move it up stairs.	Good desk, but BEWARE that the color of the desk is much DARKER than in the image displayed.	We needed a new end table that would fit a medium sized subwoofer under it.	Would highly recommend this item.	Great price for these beautiful bookcase shelves.	No instructions, but I don't think you can put it together wrong.	Shelves have a beautiful grain that adds
You definitely may need 2 people to help put together.	Great for that price.	It was definitely too expensive for what it actually is.	It took about 30-45 minutes for me (a girl with very little experience in Ikea furniture) to put together alone.	Not extremely high quality but definitely worth what we paid.	Otherwise it took a long time to put together but it does look very nice.	I could have put it together
You can restart it while away with the app but to have to do that is ridiculous especially with the price you are paying.	We’ve only purchased one but I will definitely purchase more.	So much so that I bought an additional camera for my set.	I do not think I would replace my other cameras with this model but it is nice to have one incase the internet is not active.	You are also
I tried the Belkin Wemo but was extremely frustrated with the install so returned the Wemo.	TP-Link support blamed Google, with whom I have had an open ticket for 3 weeks with no progress yet.	You also can't access it remotely without an account, but that was expected.	We already own the original oval shaped TP-Link that works very well with our Amazon Echo to control our living room lamp, but it is so large
Description says it will fit 2" or 2.5" square tubing so I purchased it because my BMI has 2 3/8" tubing.	Seems to be pretty nice but I wouldn’t know how it works bc they never sent any bolts or screws to attach it to the wall with..extremely aggravating trying to find some to fit it and so far no luck!	So far it has worked for me, works like they said it would.	Now
There are other monitors out there that are sharper, but they cost a lot more.	You can take your chances but I'm never buying a monitor from Acer online.	You'll have to spend 2x more cash in order to get a higher color quality monitor.	Would have been a 5 1/2 but, alas, no bottle opener.	Unfortunately, I am returning this monitor.	I have knocked it off my desk twice in a couple unfortunate incidents,
Seems like it is an issue for many buyers.	I would definitely recommend for casual gamers like myself.	Don't know what went wrong but I will be getting a refund for this piece of junk.	Great price on Black Friday for it too.	I will definitely use iBuyPower again for my next PC.	I don't know what's wrong with the poor reviews, but I have had a very pleasant experience so far.	Very good computer,
We upgraded from an 8 year old plasma with lots of dead spots so anything would look good but this really sets the bar high.	Not just disconnect but throws an error code that wifi can not be enabled at this time.	Great service from Amazon with a few issues because there is no online manual available for this set yet.	So glad I dropped a boatload of money on a highly rated TV only
Held up for 2 years, which I guess is more than expected these days.	Nice product just not what I was looking for; we will definitely use it for beach days though.	But for people who meal prep this will be perfect.	So far so good my husband uses it for work.	You can put your lunch in it, so that helps, but it can also carry snacks or dinners.	We even bought a second
We did not use it for hunting.	Would definitely recommend to any serious shooter.	Great for golf too.	I can't stress this enough... You get what you pay for.	And it adjusts for "line of sight", meaning at different angles, metric vs. yards, etc.	At first you will think it's off(distance wise) but I'm a noob it was just me who was off.	We shot out to 1175 yds but used spotter’s scope to range
Bought these for my 3yr old & he absolutely loves them.	We liked them so much we ordered them for our son over his nice quality everlast gloves.	Great bang for your buck.	We were scared that they would be too big like the rest of the brands but these work great.	Good fit for my nephew.	These are so great for kids.	You cannot move your hand in them.	Great quality for less than
I bought an affordable box of back-up blades, which are easy to size at 18mm.	He had used them in his business for years and loved them.	It would be great if they had a red "marker" on it to indicate "blade is out."	There aren't many foreseeable tasks that it won't handle.	I had been using a big pair of scissors to break down boxes but since I was receiving so many deliveries, I
Would definitely recommend if you’re looking for a backup camera or dash cam.	In order for me to get straight guide in my screen i have to install is 15 degrees angle off from the center line.	If my Ford Edge didn't already have a built-in camera, I'd definitely buy one for myself.	To be honest, that is a pain, but except this phenomenon, this item is very good.	Took a little work to install
So worth it for anything you would buy at Walmart etc.	I am not an expert using makeup but as soon I saw the pallet , I loved it.	Good selection of colors, but I expected colors to apply much truer to how they look like they will than they did.	Good but not as pigments as i was expecting.	Not urban decay but way more affordable too.	Great for a novice, or someone who
I will be returning it for a better quality scroll-saw.	We’re just getting started on this but so far we are really enjoying it.	I've used scroll saws for years, last one was an old school Delta, that still works fine today.	This turned out to be great, for what I do.	I bought this for my husband for Christmas, and he opened it early.	Not as strong what i aspect to be I use
Great mask I bought for my son he really loves it.	Great mask, padding seems a little cheap but other than that no fogging issues.	Only problem is it is not deigned for glasses.	Will buy another for my son who also plays.	Great view played in damp weather an no fogging at all.	You should just do it.	But I didn't pay $130 for something that looks "awesome"...I paid $130 for something that works
Looks nice but from my viewpoint an sewn area could unravel.	We look forward to taking it on an international trip.	I bought this for an overseas trip where weight and item protection is the key factor.	As an airline carry in, it takes a bit of fiddling to get it into overhead bin yet we were successful even when ithe bag was packed nearly full.	What I ordered was a blue one, but it
You will also need your own tools for assembly.	Would definitely be a recommendation for a yoga trapeze stand I put it together myself only weighs about 25-30lbs fully assembled.	So far this rack has been exactly what i was looking for.	As far as the stability, I placed heavy rocks on the base to do kipping pullups but if indoors, I'd have bolted into the ground.	Don’t plan on buying attachments for that size
I bought it for my mother, too.	I am still using this lotion but I did notice an immediate improvement.	Sooo, I've been using this every night for about 2 weeks with socks.	I have had a terrible fungus foot problem for years.	I've tried so many different creams for my feet, that never really did what they said they would do.	I have had awful feet for years.	I used regular Amlactin lotion until
So felt good but I am still packed with cellulite.	I ordered the Weleda Birch Cellulite Oil but get a pair of headphone tips.	Great soon care oil but I really wish it came with either a squeeze cap or pump.	I have been using this item for years have found a really cool deal from Amazon.com, so I bought two bottles.	I have only used it once so I'm not sure if it will
We use them for teh decorative pillows instead.	We will soon order another for our son.	We loved this one so much we recently purchased one for our travel trailer.	We will soon have our King size mattress for 3 years.	We would have paid for them, if necessary, we like them so well.	We have been sleeping on this beautiful mattress for two months.	Took me awhile to get use to it but now
Bought this for my husband, he has only had it four days.	I purchased this for my husband's birthday.	You could always go for an upgrade but otherwise this is just a solid machine that’ll handle everything pretty well.	I bought it for rainbow six siege and haven’t had an issue at all.	Great looking machine with lots of cool blue lights which I'm always a sucker for.	We bought this to replace an HP
Definitely reduce swelling but I find them annoying after several hours.	We loved them at first but at that price they should last longer.	I am also diabetic & these are great for flying.	I have also bought some for my sister.	I bought xl for my husband who has circulatory disorder.	Definitely doesn’t stop me from reaching for them every morning.	I would also go as far as to recommend these for both people
In the documentation, it says it will dim when you unplug it, but I do not experience this.	Great light for "Trunk or Treat" displays.	I bought this for my toddlers room .... she loves it ... the colors are amazing.	You can control the color without the hue app or bridge but it’s not as a wide range.	The hue lights/bulbs will cost you but I’ve never had any issues with them.	I'm planning
We are having to make do for now.	You will need 2 people to put it together.	Definitely tall if using for a tattoo chair but I like it.	A little difficult to put together but overall well worth it.	Would highly recommend this item from this seller.	Bought this for our daughter that does facials at a salon.	At first I was worried about how sturdy this chair was going to be, but after
I’d bought an Arris Surfboard but it refused to connect with my smart bulbs.	Our “new” item arrived as a “refurbished” unit.	Worked great for about 2 days.	I had really high hope when I bought this item.	As for wireless I get an error WiFi password incorrect.	Neat gear makes you pay for customer service.	Seems like it doesn’t work with ISP EagleCommunications.	As of a few days ago I have added a Nighthawk
Would recommend to anyone looking for a Pilates Ring.	Reason I did not give a 5 star is that it did not come with any instructions or exercise suggestions - went to YouTube for that.	Not as sturdy as I thought but good overall.	It’s a little smaller than I imagined it would be but I like it.	This product doesn’t really do much for me in terms of results.	A bit stiffer/rigid than I
