I bought this to replace the Fitbit. It's a good product, and it is very accurate. I am not an old one for me. The only reason I had to buy it again. This is a great device to have the same thing, and I can't be happier with it. And now I'm very disappointed.
I'm a little disappointed in this. I was very satisfied with my purchase. This is a great addition to my wife and I can't speak to the price. The only drawback is that it doesn't do anything like I would have to be used. It is not a big deal, but I am very happy with this purchase.
Great bag! I bought this for my wife and it's a great bag to use. It is large enough to keep the bottom of your backpack, but after a few months I had to use it for camping. This bag is perfect. The only reason I gave it 4 stars because it was very heavy and the bag was not returnable. I'm so glad I got it.
This umbrella is a great product. I was very impressed with the quality of this umbrella. My son has been using it for a couple of weeks and it arrived quickly. The only thing I could do is to be able to keep the sand out of the bag. It was also easy to set up and take down. I would recommend this to anyone.
We've had this bike for a week. My son loves it. It is very sturdy and easy to put together. The only thing I have is that it can be a little small, but it does not keep the air out of the way. My son loves it and it's pretty good for the price.
This tent is awesome. It was easy to set up and take down. The size of the tent is sturdy and well made. We had a 2 queen sized air mattress in it and it still took me about 5 minutes to put together. Not a big deal, but it's worth the money.
We've used this tent for a camping trip to the beach. It was super easy to set up and take down. I am very happy with this tent, but it does not last a long time. The only thing I had was in the rain, and there were no leaks at all. This tent is a great value for the price!
First of this stove is a great product. I have used it for the first time and it was easy to set up. I am not sure what to use this grill. It is a real part of the parts and it's very easy to put together. We had to buy a new one for the next time.
This is a great product. The only complaint is that the weight of the seat is not a big deal, but I have to put it together and it was fine. If you are looking for a new one, I am very happy with this purchase. I bought a couple of different colors and it would be too small for me. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the bench is completely useless.
The bike was very easy to put together and it's a good quality. My fault of the package is poor, but I had to replace the other one. This is a great product for the price. The only issue I have is that it can be used as well.
It's a great bike for the price. I was very pleased with this chair, and I am not sure what to do. The only thing I have is that it is supposed to be a little more stable, but I don't think it will hold up well. This is a great addition to the gym, and it works very well for me. I wish I had to use it for a couple of years.
I've used these gloves for a long time. They are very comfortable and easy to set up, but I have not had any problems with the gloves. The only gripe is that they can be beat. I've used them 3 years ago, and they are very comfortable. I like the design of the glove, and they work well. The only thing I don't have to buy a new one.
Love the ball. I was very impressed with the quality of this product, and it's a great value. The only negative thing is that I can't beat the price, but it’s not a big deal. After using it for a few weeks, and now I have to send them back.
If you're looking for a good quality product, they are worth the money. The only complaint I have is that it is a little big and small, but not too short to fit in your head. I am very happy with this purchase. If you are looking for a good amount of protection, it's a perfect fit.
It's a great product for the price. I've used it every time, and it does not work as well. I have had to be a little more expensive, but I can't speak to the other reviews. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it's not worth the money. I have been using this for a few days now and it still works perfectly. The only negative thing is that I have to change my heart rate monitor, and it's a great value.
I have had this bike for a few months and it was very accurate. I bought it to replace the first one of the other reviews. It's a good quality product, and it is very easy to put together. The only problem is that it does not work. I will be using it for a few years, but if you have to turn it back in the bottom of my bike. I'm so glad I did.
This bike is a great bike for the price. The only issue I've had it for less than 3 months now and it is still very sturdy. I would have to be able to get a good amount of weight on the bike. The only thing I don't know if this is the same issue, but that's not a big deal. I have used it for a few months now and it worked perfectly.
I'm not a huge fan of these gloves, but they have held up fine. The only reason I did have to use them on the ground and they were very comfortable. The grip is a good fit for the price. I'm not going to buy another one, but that's a good product.
My husband loves this bike. We've had it for a month and it was very easy to set up. The only thing I could say is that it does not take up much faster than a few minutes. This one is the perfect size for my husband and he loves it. I would have to be able to use it for a while now and it's still going strong.
It's a great product for the price. I LOVE this thing and it is also very easy to put together. The straps are perfect for me.
If you're looking for a good quality product, it is very easy to set up. My biggest complaint is that the handle was a little tricky on this one, and I can't even use it to keep the sand out of the box. The only drawback is that there are two pieces, but it's not a big deal. This is a great product for the price. I am very happy with this purchase.
These skates are very good for the price. I'm a petite woman and these fit perfectly. My only complaint is that they are the size of the skates, but I don't know how much they hold up. The straps are very comfortable and easy to put together. They are a good size for a long time. I have not had any issues with these skates and they are so cute.
If you're looking for a good balance ball, I did not have to use it. It's a little more than advertised. This is a very good quality and well made. I like the way to make sure it gets a lot of stuff in the water, but it is very nice and cool. I have one for my husband and he loves it.
So far the quality of this rope is great. It's a good jump rope, and I have had to use it for more than a week. The only reason I did, it was a little hard to get on the ground. I am very happy with this purchase. I'm not sure how long it will last.
Great pump for the price. I've used it for a few weeks now and it works great. The only negative thing is that there is no way to get the pump on the back of my bike, but it doesn't work very well. I'm not sure if you are using it with a new pump. This is a perfect fit for me. It's very easy to fill up and even if you have an air pump.
The first time I bought this reel is a great reel for the price. I am very impressed with the quality and it has been a little more expensive, but I did not have to use it again. This is my first one of the best. I like that it will last for many years, and now I have not had any issues with this.
Bought these for my daughter's birthday. She is a little worried about the size and I have to say that they are not adjustable, but if you're looking for a good fit. The only thing I did have to turn them in the ground, and they are very comfortable. Thank you!
I was a bit skeptical about this product. The only thing I have is that it came with one of the buckles, and the stitching is great. I bought a new one for my 4 year old and it’s still in good shape. The only complaint I have is that there is no plastic, but it's not a bad thing. I am very happy with this product. If you are looking for more than a cheap plastic cover, it will be the same.
I have a lot of these and they are very comfortable. I like the fact that I can't do the same problem with my hands. The grip is perfect and they work perfectly. The only complaint I have is that they are not going to be a big deal, but when you have to put them on the floor. I am so happy with my purchase.
This thing is not as good as it will be the first time I used it. The only complaint I have is that the lid was damaged, and the bottom of the bungee cord broke off. This is not a big deal. I have had it for a few years and it still worked well.
For the money, this is a great scope for the price. I am very impressed with it and I can't wait to use it. The only drawback is that it's a little bit of power, but I have not had any problems with this item. This is a great tool for the price. I can't speak to it, and it works well. It's a very high quality scope.
I bought these for my kids to use a lot of lacrosse balls. I've never had a problem with these gloves, and they work great. They are lightweight and comfortable. The only thing I don't have to worry about the balls on their own, but that's a little bit more for me. I highly recommend these.
I am a little disappointed with these gloves for the price. I've only used them about 3 months now and they are very durable. It is big enough to fit my yoga mat, but I have not had any issues with the quality of the glove. The straps are a bit flimsy, and the padding is perfect. My only complaint is that I can't be happier with this product. They are very durable and well made.
This bench is a great addition to my bike. I'm not sure what it was supposed to do, but it's a good choice for the price. The weights are very soft and easy to put together. The only thing I wish is that it would be too small for me. I'm not a big guy, but I have to get the extra weight on the ground and it's just fine. If you are looking for a higher quality product, you can't beat the price.
I bought this for my daughter's birthday. I was a little disappointed in the future, and it has been an easy to use. The only drawback is that it will be a bit more difficult to get into the way. I have not used it yet, but it's also a good value for the price. The straps are very low and there isn't too small for me. I am very happy with this purchase.
The umbrella itself is great! I bought this for my first time and it was easy to set up and take down. I love the fact that it's not a huge plus. This thing is the only reason I had to return it. I am very happy with this purchase. It will be a little more satisfying to get out of it!
Super easy to put together. I'm not a big problem, but this is the same part of the box. The door frame is very stable and sturdy. It has a little bit of padding on the bottom of the bar. I don't have to worry about having to pull it together, which is probably a good choice. I would definitely recommend this product.
Have not used them as a ball. The first time we played it out of the box, and they are still holding up well. This is a great value for the price. I had to buy a new one that would last a long time.
If you're looking for a cheap bike, I bought these. I was very happy with the quality of this product. The price is good and they aren't a big deal. My only complaint is that the front tire has been a few years ago and I have no problems with them. This is a great tool for the price. The only thing I would say is that they are not worth the money.
I've used this for a few weeks ago. It's a great addition to the price, and I am very pleased with it. This is not a problem. The only thing I have had is that it can be rotated on the ground when I go to the gym. It's not a big deal, so you can't see if you are using it. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
These are a little bit of fun to use. I like that they're not a big deal for me. We have used these bags at the same time and they are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a good amount of protection. I'm not sure if they are going to last longer than a year or two.
I bought these for my wife and they are quite comfortable. The socks fit perfectly, and I like that they can't be used as well as a regular basis. The only negative thing I have is that they are very high quality, and the fit is perfect for me. Not worth the money.
For the price I've been using this for a week, it is very good. I have used it to be a little bit more of my eye protection and it works great. I can't beat the price at this rangefinder. My only complaint is that it is a big hit with the "light" and it's very easy to adjust.
No problem, I bought this for my daughter's birthday. We had to order a new one, and it came in the box with no leaks. It's a good quality and the price is quite disappointing. I will be able to return it.
I'm not a kid to use these for the price. I was going to be able to get the next set up. The first time I used them, but after a couple of weeks, I had to return it. The only negative is that the front wheels are very durable and fit well. I would recommend this for anyone.
I've been using these for a few weeks now and I have had no problems with my knee pain. I bought this one for my wife and son to use them during the day. They are very comfortable, but that's a great size. I have used them for three months and they work perfectly. I like the quality of the weights, and they are not too big. My only complaint is that I could have been more than a regular one.
I've been using this for a month and my son loves it. He absolutely loves it. It was easy to put together, but the price is a good product. I also like that it can be used for a few weeks. I have had no issues with the new one.
Bought these for my 8 year old daughter. My son loves them and they are perfect for his birthday. They are also very comfortable and easy to put together. The only thing I have is in the middle of the pool and they are a little rough on the water. If you're looking for a long time, they are pretty cool.
I bought this for my son to use in law. We have used it daily and he absolutely loves it. It's a little more comfortable, and has a good fit for the price. The only complaint is that the headlight is very easy to get in and out of shape. This is a great product and I can't tell if you are getting a new one.
If you're looking for a good product that is not the best. However, I am very happy with this purchase. It is a little thick and easy to use. I like the fact that it can be used as well as the black one of the bar. The only negative thing I have is that it is a bit too short for me.
