As a fitness tracker and watch to wear on the daily that looks nice and feels comfortable the versa 2 is great. If you are expecting a smart watch like an apple watch then you'll be disappointed. So far I've had no technical issues with this and some features like the sleep tracking are very impressive. And the battery life is amazing compared to other watches. There are some things that arent so great. Like how you have to do everything through the phone app but i can live with that. It's half the price of a new apple watch. Note: this is my first fitbit or smart watch.
Fits perfectly, I'm a size 4 and got an XS. I was running a marathon and wanted to have a place to keep my iPhone 6 Plus during the race, but it is really difficult to get the phone in and out of the small opening on the belt. I also looked like I had a giant box on the front of me due to the size of the phone. My ID, keys and gels fit fine otherwise and it was comfortable. The belt held everything in place and does not bounce or slide around while running.
This bag works very well for large events, such as stadium events, where security requires a clear bag or a small bag. I was able to get everything needed into the bag for a day at the races.
Did you see the lady with the giant blue umbrella that's too big to fit through anywhere and smacks people in the head? That is this umbrella. It's bigger than a golf umbrella and the only reason I didn't return it was it's just too dang big. It's too small to be a beach umbrella but way too big to practically be a rain umbrella either. Go a size smaller. It's well made and I like the color and handle.
My son loves his hoop. He's 7 years old and loves to play basketball, thoughhe cant move the hoop up and down yet he's been playing with it every day. Best SANTA gift yet.
I purchased this tent for my family of 4. For years, we've gotten by with a smaller Eureka. My main concern was if the quality of the Coleman was as good as the Eureka. My son and I did a trial run to see how fast we could put the tent up. For a big tent, the setup was fairly simple. The poles were sturdy and the tent overall seems well made. We took the tent camping last weekend. It's a very big tent for a family of 4, but we like the extra room. The tent works as we expected and overall we are very happy with the quality, especially for the price.
This tent is super easy to set up and take down. It worked great for my fall camping trip to the ocean. My only complaint is it is quite small. I purchased the 4-person tent for myself and my 5 y/o son. I had a queen size air mattress in the tent and that is all you could fit in it. Our bags did fit down the side but it was difficult maneuvering around in the tent. I am 5'0 tall and i could not stand up fully in the tent unless I was directly in the center. This is a great tent but I wish I would have bought a 6 or 8 person tent.
I really like how it has the stove part as well as the grill side. Great for camping.
This is a very sturdy and high quality bench! Very happy with this bench, and it looks good too
I love my Schwann recumbent bike. I hired an Amazon person to put the bike together!! It was well worth it!! Love the bike👍👍
For its price, it is a great rack. I use it squat and pull ups.
Awesome gym gloves! very durable and worth the buy! these gloves are so much better than all the other gloves I had! !
Great soccer ball! My 8 year old loves it for her practice ball!
The mask fits great didn't fog up. I'm going to get a darker lens for it. but overall a great mask. It worth it.
Garmin vivosmart HR is very accurate on distance but heart rate is not. The overall app is great and is easy to use. I like it and so does my wife and daughter. This was a great buy for my use.
Speed gun does not work properly. My son is a pitcher and needs an accurate speed gun. The same type of pitch was thrown 50+ times in a row for more than 15 days (over a month's time) and this Bushnell Velocity Speed Gun clocked speeds fluctuating from 23 mph to 87 mph throughout. There is no consistent reading from this gun. This was a Christmas gift for my son and because of inclement he was not able to use the gun until recently and too much time has gone by for a return. Will not purchase or recommend this product.
Great recumbent bike for the price. Easy to put together. I highly recommend this bike. Seat is hard but well fitting.
My first pair of batting gloves, so I can't speak from a point of experience, but they look good, feel good. These gloves are not a perfect solution to batting all day, but I don't think any gloves would do that.
My 9 year old loves this buggy! It goes a pretty long time for the battery use.
Love my pilates ring, easy to use and came with a good exercise manual
We use this all the time while camping. Must have for cooking over a fire.
Great pair of ice skates; my daughter loves wearing them. They are more comfortable and keep her feet warmer than the rental skates she was using - so glad I got her these! However, as some other reviewers had mentioned, the skates run small. My daughter has wide feet and wears a size 10 shoe, so I got ordered a size 12 skate which turned out too small and narrow. We ended up getting a size 1 skate, which was a little big but very comfortable with thick socks.
Sounds like a duck and was not that expensive. Recommend to all duck hunters and collectors. This is a very good duck call.
The better the jump rope the harsher it is being unforgiving. I love the rope.
Works pretty well for a small pump. Gauge is nice to have on the pump. Would purchase it again.
Love this reel!Super smooth reel with great build quality for the price. and the Drag is also great!
Bought these for my 9 year old daughter who wears a size 7. She loves them. I wear a size 9 and I also tried them on. They fit perfectly. For some reason she thinks I will try to use her skates lol.
Great handle and grip. Very good price. Its been a really good kettle-bell so far. I highly recommend this kettlebell.
These gloves really make a swim a good workout by incorporating all the muscles that normally don't get worked as much with normal swimming. I find getting in the water and filling the gloves along with your wet hand to be the best way to put these on, i do find on occasion one glove will "loosen" or not stick to my hand like when i first enter the water, meaning water enters the glove and makes it poofey and water logged, but a simple gloves above water and squeegee down fixes it.
This coffee pot works well in my opinion this style of coffee pot makes much better coffee then a electronic black driip
I bought 2 more of these. Surprisingly good scope for the price. Holds zero well. I really like the QD rings that came with this scope. I've had the scope off the rifle 3 times so far and the scope has been dead on each time I put it back.
We will be using these six lacrosse balls to play lacrosse. Do people use them otherwise? They came in two days and were as advertised, six, yellow, lacrosse balls. I got exactly what I expect I would get when I ordered six, yellow, lacrosse balls.
Absolutely love these gloves. Leather is firm, solid padding. Wrist straps are tight. I will never use anything other than fairtex gloves. They are Thai gloves, I would not recommend for boxers. The wrist cuffs are short for clinch work. Again, I ABSOLUTELY love these gloves. I have been using these gloves for 4 or 5 months before writing this review.
Just received my bench yesterday!. Took me about 1 1/2hour to build. It's everything I expected to be ,very good quality bench for the price.. happy with my new bench, Now let's get to work💪
This will be the second belt that i buy from SPIbelt and I just love them! I have also a nike belt and you can't even compare between them, this one is much much better. The belt stays tight to your body while running and you don't even feel that it's there. I put in it while running my iPhone 6 and my car keys and there still space for another set of keys. If you use a bigger phone than iPhone 6 it might be too small for more than your phone + a small set of keys.
This is a great umbrella. I love the beautiful sunflowers on it and it's so easy to use. I had my hands full the other day and could still hold the umbrella. It's great.
Great bar; it's sturdy, intuitive to assemble, and the grips are great. The configuration allows for different grips for pull-ups, chin-ups, etc. It's incredibly easy to hang onto any standard door frame and feels very sturdy. For the great price, I got one for home and one for work. After I got over my fanatic obsession with wanting to do pull-ups (since I never got past 5), I still use it to hang on and stretch out my back.
Description says it comes with a ball pump... the tiny plastic ball pump included did not have any attachment to actually pump up the balls... so now I have to go out and buy a ball pump... not cool at all! Make sure you have a ball pump on hand if you want to be able to use these balls.
First time I ever installed a tire on a bike that came in a little box. Took a little work to form and get the tires on the rim and as a beginner poked holes in the inner tubes with the tire prier thing I didn't know not to use them to mount a tire only remove. you tube video was helpful in learning the process but once the tires were on they are really nice a little heavier than the tires that came with the bike due to the puncture proof layer they added in the tire and thickness of the tread
Fitbit aria Smart Scale is a wonderful companion to the FitBit Tacker. Love this scale! Eight different can record their weight on this scale. Worth the price!
These burlap sacks were great for our family sack race. The ages of the participants were from 5 to 14. The sacks were sturdy and stands up to the roughness of the children; still has no holes. The material felt like the potato sacks of old. I recommend this product for purchase.
These were very nice socks - loved the material and did not slide down. However, these were NOT compression socks. Perhaps if you had huge feet and calves, they might fit like they are compression socks. Otherwise, they were more like dress socks.
This scope works well in low light situations as advertised. You can actually see better through the scope at dawn/dusk than you can with your naked eyes. The glass is good for the price and fairly clear. I mounted this to my Remington 700 inplace of a tasco 3x9x40 tasco and I ended up having to buy taller scope mounts (medium) because the bolt hit the eye piece on this scope when using the scope rings I already had. This is a good cheap scope, however; it does seem to fog up fairly easily....which is the reason I replaced my junk tasco scope. You will get a little better than what you pay for with this scope but not much.
Received my BOSU ball and used it for a great workout using it as a driving wheel, planks and worked on my balance and stability. Using the BOSU Balance Trainer will work muscles you haven't used normally. I miss working out with my Burn Bootcamp where we used the BOSU ball a lot. I would recommend The BOSU Balance Trainer to everyone.
Delivery was great. My son loves his skates and and i just got him new wheels and stoppers for the skates. great quality skates for a great price . thank you
Love these knee sleeves. They give me good support on my knee's. They fit great. Ty so much
Not a tennis player, but need a racket to play tennis with? Then this will be fine for you. Good racket for beginners at a great price.
Great goggles. These fit my 2 and 4 year old Perfectly! They love them!
Bought for my boyfriend and he loves this hat. Says the sound quality is surprisnigly good.
Just be sure you find the two by four studs in the wall and this bar works perfect very sturdy
