My Fitbit versa 2 is my third Fitbit, and now my Favorite❤️. Have really enjoyed the sleep pattern monitor, as it shows how I need to improve my sleep habits. Battery lasts for days. The watch is great. I love the sleep tracking. The step count is accurate enough. The battery life is great! It stopped working after 4 months. This is my second Fitbit. Very nice, its my first smart watch and I love it!! I love this watch. This watch is awesome. I love my Fitbit!
I need my phone with me, since my Fitbit does not have Gps. You don't even know you are wearing it because it is so comfortable. It fits perfectly. I could not get my phone 5S out of the belt because the openings are too small. I wear it every time I run. I use this for running every time. I love this belt. It holds my phone in case that it is in. Stays in place. I use this to carry my phone and a revolver. I love my Flipbelt. Keeps my Keys and phone in place, and it's so comfortable I forget it's on. It fits my phone and Keys in there and it doesn ’ t bounce when I run. I ordered a size smaller.
Very roomy. I love this bag!! It comes with a shoulder strap for cross body but the handles are long enough to put over your shoulder. Perfect size. Look for a smaller bag. Like the shoulder strap. The Cross-Body strap is easily adjustable and the handle straps are a great length. I purchased this bag for travelling. Bag is perfect size. I got this bag as a work TOTE. She loves it, able to carry water bottles and her food plus snacks and there is still more room. Needed a clear bag for work. Great bag. I would think this bag is too large to carry as a purse, but you could if you have a lot of stuff.
And it keeps you dry. The strap on the sleeve broke the first time I used it. It ’ s huge. This is a great umbrella. Love this umbrella. This umbrella is huge. I like this umbrella. Easy to open and close. It also comes with a lovely carrying case that has an arm strap. Broke after using it 3-4 times. Great coverage. Great sturdy umbrella. Used in the rain and indeed I did not get wet. I had bought 2 of these umbrella for my mother and after she said how awesome they are I purchased another 2 umbrellas for me!
You can add water or sand to it, but it holds fine in my carpeted living room without it. My 2 1/2 yr old loves it! My 2 Kiddos (4 & 7) loves this hoop!! This is a great basketball set. My child is almost 4 years and is 42" tall. My 2 1/2 year old loves it. It goes up to six feet tall and all day me and my friends were Dunking on it! It is adjustable as he grow. The 4 yr old is tall and hoop is very easy to adjust up and down. This is hands down one of the best toy purchases I have made. The pole is thick and sturdy. Without water in the base, the basketball hoop does wobble a lot. Some father son bonding time love watching them. Good quality and easy to assemble.
It's massive, and it stays dry in rain. Very spacious. Great family tent. Love this tent. Easy to set up. This tent is great. We bought this tent for our first camping trip as a family. I cannot say how it does in the rain because it didn't rain when we used it. This tent is huge! Very nice tent for the money. We had a queen and twin size air mattresses and still had plenty of room. Great tent. We are a family of four + Mutt and will have plenty of room for sleep Pads/Cots + gear. Very happy with this tent.
About 10 minutes to set up. The rain fly works wonderfully. This tent was very spacious and easy to set up. This is a good tent. Easy to set up. This tent is perfect for two people. Bought this for a camping trip. I love this tent. Good ventilation. Had to sleep in the tent with the door wide open. Spent one night in the tent, woke up to it raining. Fits a queen size air Mattress with room to spare. Bought this tent for our 11 Yo kid for overnight camping trip. Great tent.
Great little grill. This camp stove is perfect. Works great. The stove gets so hot that it Melts the grill? Looking at other Coleman stoves like it reveals that they are all like that. A high performance Burner, and a great grill too. When the flame goes out you have to lift the grill with food on it in order to Relight it. The grill really works great and I also bought the Coleman Griddle and it works great. We have used this Stove/Grill on several camping trips. They could have add fire starter. Easy to clean. The side Burner is just a nice plus for this very functional Grille/Stove. I love this grill! I use it on our patio for Grilling.
This bench even declines! Easy to adjust. This thing is rock solid. The bench is very sturdy and well designed. Easy to assemble. Very solid well made bench. The bench seems to be sturdy and functional. Perfect for the home gym. - it took about 15 Mins to put together. I use it with the Bowflex 1052's and there are no issues. I am very happy with this purchase. I love this bench!! Great bench. Excellent bench.
The bikes is smooth and comfortable. Easy to assemble. I love this bike! Excellent bike. I love riding this sturdy bike. Good exercise bike. Great bike!! The heart rate monitoring does not work. Very quiet and smooth. It took about an hour to put together. Easy to put together. This bike is comfortable and easy to use. The seat is very comfortable. Good instructions! 😀.
Good rack for the price. For the price it was perfect for my garage gym during this Covid Craziness. My hubby uses it for pull UPS. Easy to assemble. Perfect for a home gym. It Wobbles back and forth very bad. Very sturdy. My power rack came in with missing parts. Fantastic squat Rack/Pull-Up bar for the price. Very solid. Perfect for Pull-Ups and for a squat rack! Great rack! Anyway, I use this mainly for my yoga Trapeze. Granted, I'm not squatting 500 lbs on it.
Love these gloves. Comfortable, good wrist support, and easy to take off. I've been lifting for 30 years, used lots of equipment, and shed tears over the demise of harbinger. The best gym gloves Ive ever owned!! Overall, they do a great job protecting your hands and the built-in wrist wraps are a great feature. These are the best gloves I've used. Excellent padding and fits very well. These gloves are comfortable! Great gloves. Great grip. Excellent grip. These lifting gloves are superior to other types of gloves I've had in the past. Great Weightlifting gloves. The wrist support is amazing!
Perfect size for my 6 year old son. Holds air well. The colors are bright and vibrant! Very nice ball. The child's favorite color is green and it is a perfect Soccer ball for a beginner. I didn't realize it until we had pumped air into it. It's otherwise a beautiful ball and my daughter loved it! No kid on his 40+ kid practice squad has this ball, so it ’ s easier to find him! This Soccer ball will give hours of fun. Great Soccer ball for the price. Great ball! The color is vibrant. Easy to inflate. Bought this Soccer ball for my 6 yr old boy and he loved it.
The mask fits great didn't fog up. Great view played in damp weather an no Fogging at all. Love this mask. It has great vision range. By far the best mask I've ever owned. I have already suggested this mask to friends. Can buy replacement lens of just about any color tint or Hd. Need a good Shemag for neck protection. It's well worth the money. I used it for 4 hours the other day and not once did it give me any problems. Protection is solid. Only problem is it is not deigned for glasses. Great mask. Excellent field of view, light weight, yet sturdy design.
The screen is great and easy to read. I love my Garmin! And the battery life is amazing! But the sleep tracking is quite bad. The heart rate monitor seems to be accurate. I love this Tracker! The battery lasts about a week. Connects well with Garmin connect App and I like the features that App has. It is not very accurate as far as steps and stairs climbed. It is waterproof. It is not accurate. Great for tracking steps but lacking accuracy in stair climbing and activity tracking. I wanted this to track my fitness while I walk and the Garmin connect App is awesome as well. The touch screen just randomly stopped working day two.
The speeds always seem to be accurate although I don't have another gun to compare it to. I will sometimes get two readings from one throw or the velocity reading is clearly way off. This speed gun works great! Seems to be very accurate. I thought the readings were way off and very inaccurate when using it for baseball pitching. Using it for baseball and it works great. I purchased this gun to measure tennis serve speed. Beware- this is a no return policy! Says accurate within 1 mph, and is off by at least 5 mph. Great radar gun. Because the product doesn't begin measuring speed until 10 mph, it is useless on our 5 mph site. My son throws approximately 78 to 80 mph and the speed gun does not register anything. Use it for baseball pitching speeds. I tested the accuracy with our Zooka pitching machine and it was very close.
It is very quiet. If you want to learn how to operate the programs, you have to go to the Website for the Info. With the covers off the noise still remains. Love, love the bike! Easy to assemble. The heart rate sensors don't work very well. The bike seems sturdy. This is a great bike for the price. No issues everything works as advertised. The manual States that a wire or sensor may be faulty. Wasn't hard to put together. I've been using this exercise bike for roughly 8 months. This is an excellent machine! When it arrived, the box it was shipped in was in very poor shape.
Great glove. Made of nice material, and good flexibility and grip. Grip the bat properly and your elbows will automatically fall into place. I ordered the Xls and they fit a bit snug...however they are still a decent buy and will stretch with use. Not as much padding as I expected based on the name but still more padding than some of the basic gloves at big 5. These are nice gloves. These gloves have been a good fit and have held up well through the first few games of the season. Great fit and comfort. It makes the bat feel a lot lighter. My daughter loved these gloves. I've had some pairs last me years before. Seem to work as advertised. My son plays somewhere in the neighborhood of 50+ games over the summer and he wore the same batting gloves every game. Excellent batting glove.
This is the best toy Everrrrr! This DUNE buggy is awesome!! Back, a few days in it stop working! My kids love this. Goes great on the grass and pavement. My boys love this! The battery life is great. 5 year old loves it! Battery lasts closer to an hour. My 8 year old loves it! She loves it rides it almost everyday. It is fast and very fun! Battery lasts about 30-40 minutes. Lots of fun for my 9 year old.
This is a real plus for exercising my arms, weakest part of me. Quality is really good. It is not too stiff. I usually do yoga but decided to add this to my routine. Many videos Online to use with it. Same type of ring I use in my Pilates mat class at the gym. I like it so far! Very easy to use and you can get the workouts on Youtube to try new stuff with it. This is the same as at physical therapy. The resistance of the ring is a nice medium. It provides a nice workout without needing much equipment. It's meant to simply give a good resistance. Love this Pilates ring. The ad promises a workout guide.
I love this type of grill setup. Big enough to cook on for 5 people. We use it over the fire a lot. I wish there was a chain or something connecting the grill to one of the poles, as it swings around quite a bit. Easy to put together, good size grill, and the fact that it was adjustable up and down allowed us to cook like pro's. The adjustable chain and pole lock works very well. Turning foods is a two handed job, one to flip and one to hold the grill with a pair of tongs. Adjustable grate height for any size fire. I ’ ve used other tripods before that worked great, so I have to discourage people from buying this one. It ’ s easy to adjust the height of the rack when it ’ s over the flame so you can control temperature. Therefore we were unable to use this on our camping trip. I wanted to like this tripod, but Unfortunately, it wasn ’ t built well. Under normal loads it worked as advertised.
Very comfortable and warm. Received my skates on time! My only Gripe about these skates is that the laces are not high in quality, so I recommend getting better laces. So we have had these skates for less than a month and have had to have them repaired twice! Perfect skates for beginners. I bought these skates for my four year old daughter. I wear a size 6 1/2. I bought these skates for my daughter who just learning to skate. My daughter has wide feet, so the ice skates that we rent pinched and were painful. Comfortable beginner figure skate. These skates are very comfortable and fit well. I bought these skates for my daughter. She tested them on the ice today and absolutely loved them. Must be sharpened upon arrival.
Other than that, sound is great. Feed calls and Attractor calling roll out easy with a little practice, check Youtube for duck commander and they will show you how. Great call! Wet weather or ice cold. Awesome duck call! I replaced it with this call. Good call. I'm not a Hunter, and certainly no duck or call expert, but I can make it sound well enough like the ducks. Easy to blow, loud, excellent tone, and very good at the hail, feeding, quack, and come back calls. Easy to clean and tune. It's my first duck commander call. It arrived packaged well too. Sounds great. This duck call was purchased for my son-in-law for his birthday.
Very fast, and very light. I should ’ ve stuck with my old jump rope. Love the color. Easy to adjust. This rope is very smooth and fast. The rope is light and fast. I really like this jump rope. Great rope! I love this jump rope. Love that it comes with an extra Cable! This rope is great. Nice speed rope. I love these ropes! This is a lightweight jump rope.
Pump worked well and pressure gauge is pretty accurate. I got it for Portability, pressure gauge and Presta valve type. A frame clamp is included for your bicycle but I will be keeping this on my Motorcycle for emergencies. The pump in itself works great. You will loose air that way as soon as you touch the release valve. One of the best Presta valve connections I have had the pleasure to use. This pump is not a good fit for Presta valves. I don't like that the end cap on the Red portion hits the silver tube on the up stroke, but just my quirk. This pump is very well made. Great little pump. I use it on my road bike and got all the pressure normalized. Seems to work pretty well for a hand pump. The Presta adapter works great for Decoring valves, fantastic in the side if a trial. This is an awesome pump.
Great reel. The drag is smooth and has some real stopping power. Very smooth and durable! Powerful salmon reel. Love this fishing reel. Excellent reel. Great drag system. I highly recommend this reel as it has held up to travel, Kayaking, pier and surf fishing. I have caught plenty of fish on this reel and there is nothing wrong with it and it appears to be the highest quality. I have it on my surf rod and absolutely love it. Very smooth and that Ht100 drag is nice. I bought the Penn battle II 4000 for inshore fishing. I used for shore casting and Jigging.
Not worth the money and they adjust but they dont fit correct when adjusted. The adjustable feature is awesome if they are comfortable for you. Bought these for my 8 year old daughter. These are great, I love these skates. I wear a size 7.5 in woman and I bought these in a large and they fit perfectly! She blades outside and these seem to roll very smooth. Overall, spend 10-15 dollars more and get a better skate. I gifted them to a friend who wears a size 8 and has very narrow Feet-They are comfortable for her. These Rollerblades were too big and very tight on the ankles even when it wasn ’ t fastened. Look for a more traditional Online skate with rope laces and clips for support. I thought these would be a fun way to keep up with them and get exercise. The are adjustable to size and fit well. My daughter really loves these skates. However, the hard part of the boot is adjustable.
Good grip. It ’ s a Kettlebell. Love the smooth handle. I got the 15 lb one. I bought the 35 lb kettle Bell. Great Kettlebell. Some Trainers actually recommend removing the paint on the handle and treating it with chalk anyway. We have been looking for a 35-Lb kettle Bell reasonably priced for a while. Some of the black coating had broken off the handle in transit, leaving the cast iron exposed. Arrived in perfect condition. And free shipping! This is a great small Kettlebell. Compared to the prices for Kettlebells I could find locally, this was such a great deal. There was also a minor but deep chip in the coating on the face of the Kettlebell, but it is mostly cosmetic.
I swim laps in a pool and I use fins for resistance. Will be taking them on our next Snorkeling trip. They provided great Traction so there was little wasted motion on each Paddle stroke. They offer enough dexterity to allow me to adjust my goggles or operate my watch. I ordered a medium large and my hands are about 7" from middle finger to wrist, fits great. Good gloves. Very happy with my purchase. I initially ordered the wrong size and they were too small. I love these gloves. So order a size larger. I cannot comment on durability yet. They provide additional resistance, in a very gentle way. I move much quicker through the water. I use them for a little added water resistance while swimming to tone my arms.
Cheaply made. This is a well made Enamelware pot with a real glass top. The glass lip on the lid broke off into the coffee pot lid off to fill with water and coffee. Also the lid for the percolator doesn't fit well so it falls off when I pour unless I remember to hold it on. The coffee pot seemed fine but the guts were flimsy and cheap. Heavy duty, stood up to the hot direct campfire every morning. Makes great coffee! This percolator makes delicious coffee. I like percolator coffee. The coffee pot is great - solidly built. The basket will not stand straight up, it flops against the sides, every time. Nothing is better that coffee over the camp fire. I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee. Make coffee in a sock.
Love this scope. I use it on an air rifle. Good scope for the price. I mounted this scope on a 10/22. Tons of features you can't find on a scope for less than double the price of this one. Very clear glass. Reticle is straight and it holds zero. It sighted in easily. 3 shots at 50 yards and was zeroed. I have only used it on targets, but the OPTICS are very clear, and the zoom is very good. I have it mounted on my s & W M & P15. Holds zero very well. So far I have to say for $86 I highly recommend this scope! Anxious to get it sighted in.
Really nice Lacrosse balls. He's become a ball Snob. Our dog seems to like the fact that they bounce higher and roll much farther that other balls. The rubber smell is overwhelming and Stinks up an entire room. Great Lacrosse balls. Good quality lax balls. I mean, I don ’ t use these balls for Lacrosse, but they ’ re great for my young piano students to bounce and develop Hand-Eye coordination. Appear to be good quality lax balls and I would recommend them. These are good Lacrosse balls that are decently priced. Love the colors and the $. He's a great beginning Player, but his shots sail wide sometimes. My boys use these for Lacrosse practice at home or the park. He had one chewed up in about 5 minutes. If you don't have a Lacrosse ball...or 5...in your life, buy these!
Bought 16 oz version and they are small. So fake! Highly recommend these gloves for Muay Thai. With wraps, they fit perfectly. They all recommend these gloves. Good wrist support with the Velcro straps. Gloves fit great! But they have great padding. There is enough padding to protect my knuckles. Great gloves. Excellent quality gloves. I love these gloves. I used to have a few good Fairtex gloves. Excellent gloves.
Took me about an hour to set up. This is a very well-made, sturdy bench. I don't really trust the squat rack for this reason. It is sturdy enough for home use but does not feel safe at higher weights over 200 lbs. Generally a decent bench. Love the preacher curl. Versatility is perfect for home gym. Easy to assemble and is solid construction. Instructions were also easy to follow. The leg extension is the only thing I cant get a decent position on. I am happy with this bench. Great bench. It works if you use and extremely narrow grip. Nice bench for the price.
Doesn't bounce when I run. Its large enough to hold my smart phone and Id. "is that a Fanny pack?!". Great for running! Stays in place. Highly recommend. I love this belt. I can fit my phone and a small snack. The funny part is that a phone case would not fit on the phone and inside the pouch because it is just too big. I forget it's there. Doesn't bounce. I used this recently to hold my phone while hiking. Love this belt. Perfect for my Iphone Xi.
I love how my car doesn ’ t get soaked and how easy it is to get in and out of buildings without getting wet. I will only buy this kind of umbrella now! I love the colors. This umbrella is very sturdy and convenient to use. I have used it in the rain and in the sun; it works great in both! Easy to open and close. I highly recommend this umbrella! You can get in and out of the car without getting wet. Cloud print on the underside of the umbrella is too cute. Beautiful umbrella! Love the design. I love this umbrella! I get so many compliments on this umbrella!
Also, I've had this for a few months, use it a few times a week and seems to be holding up just fine. This is awesome, great for push UPS and Crunches. It has all the grips and it is very sturdy! This will not fit a standard American wood door frame. This product is weak! Easy to assemble. Nothing a little elbow grease can't remove, or paint can't cover. This fits in the doorway without any issues. If the door frame was 3" wider or if the kit included a 3" spacer, it would be secure and would work. Excellent pull up bar. We kept it because it would have been difficult to take apart and ship back. Very solid and sturdy. It's extremely easy to put up or take down and has been 100% stable so far. My 6Yo can do three Pull-Ups and it ’ s amusing.
Seriously great price for all these balls. The ball looked great upon in initial inflation. 10 ” ball with Dodge ball like outer texture. I was Pooped after two balls! Should send a couple of plastic needles or a better pump altogether. By March 2018 all 6 balls were extremely lopsided and useless for any game that requires a straight bounce. I turned to my small air compressor. My kids love playing wall ball and these balls couldn't even handle that after gentle usage after a month. Great for Dodgeball. Every last one of them cracked and leaked air within a couple weeks. The kids actually played during recess! We've only used them for a few weeks, and have kept them inside when not being used. My kids jump around with these in their Trampoline and have a ball with them!
Easy to install. Good tires for the price. I use on my motorized bicycle. This tire replaced a worn and damaged tire on one of Myschwinn discover or Solitaire hybrid bikes with 700C wheels. Good tire. These are very nice tires. Nice tires. I bought 2 of these tire to replace the city tires on my mountain bike. I ride on the streets but I wouldn't hesitate to take it off road. I do 70 for the street and the ride is fast, but still Smooths out the bumps nicely! Very smooth riding. It's a bike tire! These tires replaced the mountain bike tires on my wife's bike.
Love this scale. Aria Syncs with the App and I can see my weight auto update their. Seems to be very accurate. Use with my Fitbit surge and the Iphone App. Instead of having to log my weight, I just step on the scale and weigh myself. Easy to set up. I love that I don't have to write down my weight and keep track of my own progress. Nothing but an error message. Just step on and step off. Update: stopped working after 8 months. I love how it Syncs with my Fitbit account. I love this scale. It was easy to setup and integrate with my Fitbit account.
I ’ ve washed them twice. Worked great. They are potato sacks. They smell like wet paint. Strong sturdy material. I was very satisfied with the speed of delivery & the quality of the product. The sack races were a highlight. Used for a voodoo doll Halloween costume for my daughter. Don't leave these in a closed room if smells bother you. Lots of fun. Very good large jute bag. They were large and made a fun prop. So we used these sacks for a race with our Grandshuggas. Fine for adults and kids.
They wash well and keep their shape. I'm having trouble with my feet and ankles swelling, my Doc told me to get some compression stockings and I was elated to find these. I love these socks. The socks are very comfortable. Very comfortable compression socks! Snug but not too tight. I would highly recommend these to anyone needing compression socks. They ’ re not too tight like some of the compression socks I ’ ve used in the past and they are very comfortable to wear all day. I ordered a L/Xl and I wear a size 10 shoe. I love these compression socks! These socks are great! These socks are very thin. Love the colors.
Clear sight picture. I will always go with Bushnell every time they are high quality and in the "working man's price range" great scope! Bushnell is back!! I mounted it on my Ar-15 and works well for what it is. Great scope for the price. Sighted in at 100 yards with 4 rounds. Very clear OPTICS. Clear and accurate. I fired 8 more rounds with the same results. A unbelievable value for the price, photo is shooting group at 100 yards on a Simi windy day. Considering the price point, this is a great hunting scope for inside 200 yards. Holds zero. For a sub $100 scope it ’ s hard to beat.
It came with the pump so inflating it is easy. I am already familiar with the Bosu because it is one of my Go-To pieces of equipment at the gym. Perfect addition to any home gym. Sadly, it doesn ’ t hold the air. It was easy to inflate. I love this Bosu ball. Great for balance and mat Pilates! Love using a Bosu at the gym and now love having it for my home gym! I love my Bosu. Love the Bosu balance Trainer. I was in physical therapy for my ankle and was using this. Super easy to inflate. I love to use it for doing Squats and balancing exercises. Such a great addition to my home gym.
These skates are okay for getting started, but the Toe-Stop and the wheels are not good at all. Theses skates are fantastic. One for me, one for my grand daughter and a few for toys for Tots. I would be miserable if I even attempted to skate in these. I had to go to a skate shop and spend 100 dollars to get better wheels put on. Good enough if you just want to some outdoor skates to mess around with, but not suitable for derby. These skates are reasonable price-wise, look good, comfortable to wear, and it's a good way to exercise! I was looking for some cheap skates to practice my jam skating ... My son loves the skates. He only uses them in the Rink, not outside, so I can't say how that experience would be with these. I got a size 6 (men ’ s) and I wear a 7.5 women ’ s and they fits perfectly. So far I've used these skates once and they worked well. The left skate pulled to the right even after having someone try to fix the problem. I tried them on and I have wide feet and they fit just fine.
So I bought these. I love my Nordic lifting knee sleeves! The knee sleeves fit very well. Helps my Squats! I wear them while doing heavy Squats and Deadlifts. Great knee sleeves. Love these knee sleeves. I put them on and my knee pain went away. I use these for Squats and dead LIFTS. I've been doing Squats 3 times a week for the past 3 months. Great sleeves. Great support. These are great knee sleeves. They kept my knees warm during training.
This racket is great! This is an awesome racket. Perfect for beginners. My Boyfriend and I are beginners who just like to hit the ball back and forth occasionally. Good racket. Great Racquet for the price. Good control and large sweet spot. We play tennis every weekend now! Nice tennis racket. Feels nice and light. This Racquet works great for me. Good for beginners. Light weight. This racket is quite light as well.
Perfect fit for my 5-6 year old daughter. They don't leak! Highly recommended. The fun coloring also makes them easy to identify. They never fog up or leak. These fit my 6 year old daughter great. These goggles are great! I got this for my daughter who has swim lessons. Has used them multiple summers for play and for swim team. They do, however, have pretty good suction and I haven't seen them fog on him. He joined a swim team and the Tyr brand is what they use for swim equipment. Definitely recommend for young kids in competitive swimming, and of course they are also fine for leisure swimming. Great fit. Excellent goggles for the price.
Bought this for my son for Christmas. Battery life is excellent too! The sound is good. Love this hat! Was a gift for our 23 year old son. Also is very warm. Good sound quality. Sound is pretty good and the quality is good. Perfect gift for our son! The sound quality is really good and crystal clear. Great idea, but fit on some is a little large (I bought 4), and the hat is a little tall. Says the sound quality is really good. It connected to my Iphone 6 quickly. Good sound for the price and the sound does not bleed to neighbors.
It does the job. Easy to install. Instructions were very clear. Construction is solid. Strong and sturdy pull up bar. Marked stud locations with stud finder. We ended up mounting 2X6's on the wall first as others had suggested. You can do all of the many kinds of pull UPS with this bar. This thing is 100X easier and safer than a Doorway-Mounted pull up bar. This dip station and their wall mounted pull up bar. This Pull-Up bar has been great. I'm 200 lbs and it was still very solid. This bar sports multiple grips and grip angles. The installation was Straight-Forward (ESP.
