Fitbit app works great - the watch itself DOES NOT!! What I don't like is that the fitbit versa 2 app does not always sink with the watch like it should. If you are looking for a smart watch with fitness tracking, look no further then the Fitbit Versa 2. This was my 3rd Fitbit fitness tracker watch and I’m so disappointed with the issues of my Fitbit Versa 2. The Fitbit battery is so much better and has all of the features I used on the Apple Watch. Fitbit is THE best tracker watch you can buy...at any price. I am absolutely loving my new fitbit versa 2 watch. I love my fitbit, I finally found what I was looking for in a watch.
I got this belt to hold my phone and keys when I run. This is a great belt, both for running and when I don't feel like carrying a bag but have to hold my phone, keys, and whatever else. I got this belt to hold my phone while I'm out on the road, running. Are use this flip belt to go running and carry my phone and car keys. I mainly use this for when I run and stick my phone, keys, and ID in the belt. Great running belt, no bounce and phone is always secure I can barely notice the belt when running, my phone doesn't move at all. The belt is comfortable and held my phone just fine.
Perfect Little Bag. This bag is perfect! This bag is perfect! This bag is perfect and only $5!! This is the perfect bag for that! The bag was perfect. This bag is a great size. This bag is a great size!!
I needed an umbrella that was huge and could stand up to rain and wind. This is a great product for anybody looking to stay dry in rain and for a sturdy umbrella. The umbrella broke down due to heavy wind and rain it's not windproof if you're thinking that This is a very nice umbrella and perfect for the rain and wind in Chicago... Lastly, this umbrella was able to protect me and several others in rain and wind that was quite heavy. Nice large umbrella, big enough for two persons, less problem with strong wind This umbrella is easy to use, sturdy in the wind and big enough to share. Haven’t tested it in the rain but this auto open ‘wind proof’ umbrella certainly looks the part
My 2 year old son LOVES basketball and his other hoop set was getting too small. My grandson loves it, he wants everybody to play basketball with him. He's 7 years old and loves to play basketball, thoughhe cant move the hoop up and down yet he's been playing with it every day. I bought this hoop for my basketball loving three year old grandson Simon. Great sturdy basketball hoop. My 2 1/2 year old grandson loves playing basketball! And in a few short years she will be able to play hoop with the big kids! Wonderful, sturdy hoop Our 4 year old and his 16 year old brother love it The basement is their "court"
We used this tent on a night where it was going to rain and we had never set it up before. We put 2 twin mattresses on one end of the tent for us - - kids on the other of the tent and still plenty of room to get in the door, store our stuff and move around. This tent has lots of room and was pretty easy to set up with 2 people. The door is set pretty high, it makes it very easy to trip getting in and out, not a good tent for little kids. This tent wasn’t too easy to set up the first time. The tent is easy for two people to set up. Overall, great tent and easy to set up. Great tent easy to set up.
I like this tent, I have only been camping twice and it was super easy to set up. It's a good tent, easy to assemble, keeps the rain out well, will purchase a 3 person + tent in the future. This tent is easy to set up and had plenty of room for 2 people. Great tent, easy set up. It's a great tent and very easy to set up. bought this tent for a camping trip and was impressed with how easy it was to set up and take down. This tent was so easy to put together and just as easy to take down. This was an easy tent to set up.
my first time camping this grill and stove did a good job easy to clean easy to use Coleman Perfect Flow Grill Stove: Nice little camp stove. This grill works great as an outdoor stove while camping! with stove and grill in one, perfect for camping! This Coleman grill/stove is garbage! The Coleman stove/grill is straightforward and simple. Great camping stove/grill. Awesome little camping stove/grill.
Good bench, sturdy and easy to assemble. This bench is solid, sturdy and was VERY easy to put together. Easy to put together and is pretty sturdy for a home bench. Solid, sturdy bench for a good price. This bench is sturdy and is very easy to assemble. Nice, sturdy, easy to assemble bench. The bench is very sturdy and extremely easy to assemble, i think it took me like 15 minutes. Very comfortable and sturdy bench that's very easy to adjust.
The bike itself is comfortable and easy to use. This bike is comfortable and easy to use. The bike is very comfortable and easy to use. This bike is so very easy to assemble. The bike was easy to assemble. Great bike, takes some time to assemble but not more than you would think and it makes it a solid bike. I like the bike, but I keep sliding off the seat, they should fix that, other than that the quality of the bike is great, I been using it for about 3 months now. Overall - good bike.
If you need a nice stable squat rack and pull up bar, this is right for you.It can handle a good amount of weight and is easy to assemble. There may be more solid pull up bars out there, but for this price, this rack is a good deal. Solid squat rack and pull up bar. This is a great Squat rack/Pull up bar! Was looking for a durable rack for my home for squats and pull ups. Works well (I use it for pull ups, not squat rack) but a little difficult to put together. I had to use my own tools but all in all this rack is very easy to assemble and it is really sturdy. I weigh 230 for pull ups and rack weight up to 315 it's does a great job.
Really good gloves the padding is great and the wrist support is excellent. Best lifting gloves I've owned, good padding, good grip. Good grip and fit best lifting gloves I have ever had This is the second pair of these gloves that I've ordered and was disappointed to see that the rubber grip broke apart in less than a week. I purchased my first pair of Best Grip gloves a couple of years ago and have been impressed with the quality and durability of the gloves. The padding inside the wrist wrap could be a little more comfortable but overall they're the best gloves I've ever used hands down These gloves have great wrist support, lots of padding, and look nice. Gloves work as advertised, excellent wrist support as well as thick padding for hands.
good quality ball, nice bright color,my son love it. Child size soccer ball is good quality and my 8 year old daughter loves it. This size 2 soccer ball was a gift for my 3-year-old granddaughter, and she loves it. Our son loves the soccer ball. Our son loves his size 4 ball! This size four soccer ball is the perfect size for my three year old grandson. Great ball - son loves it for his first year playing Soccer. Great ball for my 10 year old son.
I just got this mask and I love, it's comfortable, no fog, and the lens are clear. The mask fits great didn't fog up. This is the best mask you can ever get it is a lot of money but when you get it you will be so pleased with your purchase and it is also amazing for airsoft BUY THIS MASK This mask works awesome and its super light and i recommend it to anyone. The mask has an amazing color and covers the face perfectly. My Dye mask has worked fantastically, no fogging in this mask where my last "fogless" goggles fogged constantly. Mask is comfortable and is extremely hard to fog up if you can even fog it up. Mask won't fog up, but watch out getting shot in the mouth!
Garmin vívosmart HR Activity Tracker is a one for everything wrist worn device that is an alarm, a pedometer, a calorie counter, as well as heart rate monitor. This is my second Garmin vivosmart Activity Tracker, I loved my first Garmin, but wanted an activity tracker that also tracked my heart rate. Garmin vivosmart HR is very accurate on distance but heart rate is not. Love the Garmin Vivosmart HR Tracker enough, that this one was for my daughter, I have one I love, and a friend I gave one to loves hers. I've had the Garmin Vivosmart HR Activity Tracker for a month or so now, and it has been a good purchase. I would highly recommend this fitness tracker if you want to track your steps and your heart rate. Garmin vivosmart HR activity tracker is a very helpful exercise watch for budget minded person. I'm very happy with my Garmin HR activity tracker.
My son is a pitcher and needs an accurate speed gun. This speed gun was very quick and accurate when checking car speeds. This radar gun is accurate down to 1 mph when compared to fixed position speed guns I've tried. The speed of the gun was not accurate, and when I measured it, I found it was not the same as the real speed. First use of gun for baseball - pitching speed was -10 mph off from pro gun. This speed gun is a good deal and it works so good and it is what I have been looking for. This speed gun works great! The Bushnell Velocity Radar Speed Gun works great for monitoring my son and his baseball throwing speed (pitching velocity) as well as ball speed off the bat.
Bike is very easy to put together!! Great workout bike for the price, and easy to put together! This is a great bike for the price. Great bike for the price. A plus for this bike is the seat back, so comfortable! Great price ,great bike! Good bike however. Good bike.
Great batting gloves the best pair my son has worn thus far... He loves these batting gloves so much it's his second pair. My son is 12 and has large hands, so needs adult gloves. My son loves these gloves. They fit well and have a little more padding in the palm that other gloves, she really likes that. Lately, I have found that most batting gloves do not have leather palms, these glove do. I purchased these batting gloves to use as a casting glove for fishing. These gloves look cool, but were too small for my son.
Only issue is battery doesn't hold charge that long after a year of use. My 4 year old grandson loves this.. great value for small kids ! Bought this for our 7 year old son for Christmas last year and he loves it. My 5 and 6 year old kids love it. Great little buggy.... Quick and very easy to drive... Drives on grass or pavement and the charge lasts enough to keep the kids interested My 5 year old son loves this buggy. You will have to change those and the battery after a year or so. 6 year old son loves it.
Love my pilates ring, easy to use and came with a good exercise manual I found this 12 inch ring a perfect size to do all the Pilates exercises at the gym. This is a great solid work out Pilates Ring - I like it and especially love the color. My Physical Therapist recommended the Pilates Ring for exercises that will strengthen my SI joint. I started doing more pilates and find this fitness ring to be helpful in enhancing my workouts allowing me to get deeper into the exercise. Love this Pilates ring. Love my Pilates ring! I really love this pilates ring!
The grill served its purpose well I use it for camping and I'm going to be using it for hunting this fall it's very easy to set up and very easy to use that makes cooking so much simpler If you like to cook over an open fire, then this is the grill to use. Had to get a file for the hole on the metal piece that allows you to adjust the height of the grill from the fire. Perfect for camping and cooking over a fire. Perfect for camping and cooking over the fire... adjusts easily and stores easily out of the way It’s perfect for campfire cooking since you can adjust the height of the pan/pot over the fire. The grill tripod works well but was sent without the adjusting tab that goes on the leg to move the grate up and down. Lantern hanger piece does not fit the leg of the tripod and you have to fight to move it along the pole to change the height of the grill
I bought these skates for my daughter only 3 months ago and she just called me from the skating rink to let me now the boot of the skate pulled of the soles of the skate. My daughter is a size 8.5 in shoes and bought size 9 skates. I purchased these skates for my daughter for a learn to skate course. I bought these skates for my daughter who just learning to skate. My daughter is one her third pair of these skates (most recently a size 11 for a 5 year old) and they have been great. these were perfect ice skates for my daughter who had been ice skating a few years ago and just started up again. Skates were the correct size by the measurement chart and the soft skate feature made them comfortable. Theses skates are comfortable, fit as expected and loved them so much I ordered a pair for my daughter!
good little duck call, the sound is very nice and easy to blow. I would recommend this call over all duck calls under $40, and it is comparable to the Double Nasty duck call (which is less expensive, but good too). I'm not a hunter, and certainly no duck or call expert, but I can make it sound well enough like the ducks. Not sure if it will freeze up in cold weather yet, but this duck call is a value for the sound quality it produces. First duck call and found it very easy to use and great sounds from it This duck call was easy to use and makes accurate sounds. My husband loves this Duck call. This call was very easy to blow out of the package and created a sound that sounded just like a duck was in the house!
WOD jump rope looks nice and comes with a spare cable, can be cut to adjust length. Super light weight wire, but straight forward jump rope and easy to adjust and use... Just wish the cable was a little heavier. Easy to adjust and cut jump rope steel cable to your size. Great product, two ropes, smooth and fast rotations....best jump rope I have had and I have tried many! Good fast jump rope, comes with an extra cable. Great jump rope I like it a lot good price and you give a extra cable good deal works good IMHO, the Rx Smart Gear Rope is the Holy Grail of ropes for double unders but if you don't want to spend a ridiculous $45 on a rope, then the WOD Nation Rope is the very best value out there. I purchased this rope because the ropes at the gym were too long for me and I wanted to have a rope sized just for me as I have a goal of learning double unders.
The gauge on my pump never worked though. Gauge is nice to have on the pump. Pump worked well and pressure gauge is pretty accurate. Pump worked well and pressure gauge is pretty accurate. Great bike pump. The pump works great, is compact and seems very well made. The pump works but is not easy to use. I got the product and didn't know how to pump up my own tire.
My older Penn reels are smooth and easy to reel, my Shims on reels are smooth and easy to reel. Tough reel , 15#’s drag decent medium to lite duty reel I normally use Shimano 4000 reels but decided to try this Penn. Never bought a really high dollar reel but I couldn't imagine it being any better than the penn battle 2 this reel is super smooth and powerful. Nice little reel for inshore or bay fishing the drag system is a major upgrade over the lesser Penn reels and it’s quite smooth. Happy so far smooth reliable and gets me out fishing since my old reel wasn't working Great reel for fishing near shore, very smooth and drag worked perfectly. This is one of Penn's top of the line reels and would recommed this to anyone I've just had this reel for about a month and have landed more fish with this reel because of drag system on it. How can I return this for a smaller size PENN battle fishing reel.
Bought this skates for my daughter not true size I adjusted to size 9 and the inner part (blue) did not got any bigger sad because the material is good quality and my daughter really like them They fit great and the size is perfect. I don’t think can be fit more than size 2 feet. My 8 year old wears a size 3 shoe, but she has the skates set on size 5 to be comfortable.They won't last as long as I had hoped. My daughter wears a size 3, so I got the size 2-5, and it fitted her kind of small even when the rollerblades were set on size 5. He is size 6 and they fit perfect Son and daughter loves the skates. The are adjustable to size and fit well.
this is my second cap kettlebell and like the 40 lbs bell this one has a wide handle allowing a comfortable grip. I already had a 35lb Go Fit Kettlebell, but when I needed a second one, a single Bell from the Go Fit brand was almost as expensive as a pair of the higher quality Cap Kettlebells. This is what a kettlebell should be: made of metal, easy to handle, smooth for the hands. It does have a slightly wider handle than my other kettlebell (10 pounds) but I have no problems grasping the handle for exercises. Shipping was delayed, to no fault of the seller, however I was very disappointed to find that my kettle bell’s coating had a defect on the handle that is very sharp making the kettlebell unsafe for use. This Kettlebell is compact, smooth and the handle is perfect. Quality kettlebell with a good handle. The grip/handle is wide enough for me to do kettlebell swings with both hands (although I don't have huge hands - if you had enormous hands, I could see this being an issue).
Having used many water gloves, these are the most realistic feeling in the water. Although these gloves can be a little difficult to get on and off (best done in the water), once on they stay put. These gloves almost fit like they were built just for my hand! My husband liked these gloves a lot, they were easy to put on in water and made quite a workout out of casual swimming in a pool. I use them for swimming and I've been looking for pulling gloves that didn't have the fingers tips cut off because I hate how the water gets in when I do freestyle but these gloves solved that problem. Love to swim with my new gloves. These gloves really make a swim a good workout by incorporating all the muscles that normally don't get worked as much with normal swimming. The gloves work as advertised.
The third pot of coffee the glass top broke and left glass on the coffee basket. the glass lip on the lid broke off into the coffee pot lid off to fill with water and coffee. I been looking for" Percolator Glass Knob" for the coffee pot with know luck . I Love this coffee pot, except the glass piece on top broke and can not be replaced. The glass top does not fit, the lid does not fit and the design prevents coffee from percolating and just burns (to where it just boils away) the water or coffee in the pot. Love the color of the coffee pot but it was flimsy and when we made coffee for the first time, the glass bulb burst. I received my Coleman 14-Cup Coffee Enamelware Percolator and was impressed with the weight of the pot. I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee.
Put on AR rifle and I have shot about 100 rounds and the scope has held sight picture. This scope gives a good clear sight picture and was easy to install holds up well and so far accurate Good compact scope for the price, have it mounted on a AR platform with quick connect mounts. Crystal clear scope, easy to zero, holds zero perfect, a good product just wasn't what I was looking for at100 yards. I mounted this scope in a matter of 5 minutes, took it to the range, fired 3 rounds at 50 yards with a 1 inch group. Great cheap scope to mount on AR or rifle. Pretty good scope for the money, good out to 100 yards with no problem...... changing review to 2 stars, 500 rounds latter it won't hold zero. the scope is clear all the way at 9 power a great buy for AR rifles.
The lacrosse balls arrived quickly and the color is great! My son is just starting to play lacrosse but these balls seem to be great. Who knew lacrosse balls came in so many great colors!? Love the quality of these Lacrosse balls. These are great solid lacrosse balls. These lacrosse balls are very good quality. The lacrosse balls are high quality, and we used them in practice right away. I take my lacrosse balls to the dog park with my pooch, very often a dog at the park discovers these balls and is very reluctant to give it up.
Awesome gloves, great quality, great feel, really good wrist support. Would recommend these to anyone who's looking for some good quality gloves. The plus side is my wife got a new pair of gloves and they fit her hands great. The gloves are very nice looking but the glove is starting to fall apart I have only had them for about 2 months, wrist support is very unsteady compared to my other gloves. Quality is very good but the gloves are very small. I'm 5'1" and these gloves fit perfectly for my small hands. These are good quality gloves. Good quality gloves.
I would recommend anyone looking to get a great bench at a good price this is the one! Assembly was pretty easy and the bench itself is pretty sturdy. easy to assemble, Especially good for someone who wants a solid bench. Its definitely a good buy for someone looking to get a bench if you get it for a good price. Extremely good weight bench and at a very good price. Great bench, worth a purchase and very easy to put together if you can follow the simple instructions. This bench allows the leg and arm workout with comfort, easy assembly Honestly a very good bench for the price and pretty straight forward assembly.
I use the belt to hold my phone when running. So for now my keys go in my running shorts and my phone in the belt, and I'm happy :) Great belt for running or wearing at the gym to hold your phone. I run with my phone inside of the belt and wear it on the small of my back. I never carry my phone with me running but I figured I'd try it out with the belt. This belt has some stretch and was able to fit my phone, keys and running fuel. This belt is very comfortable and holds my phone securely while I run. This is a true iPhone or other large phone work out belt.
It's a great umbrella, love not getting my car all wet when I get inside of rain storm it's so easy The umbrella was very pretty but the first time I used it, in pouring down rain, I got in my car and it would not close. I love this umbrella so much, does not drip rain all over you when you fold it up and the handle makes it easy to handle several items at the same time. I like the umbrella because you dont get wet when folding down,and getting in the car.i like the handle . The best thing is getting in my car in the rain with my Umbrella, but keeping my car dry. The rain is nicely kept inside the folded umbrella to keep your car dry. Umbrella handles very well especially coming in and out of your car in heavy rain I thought the umbrella would be larger, the design of the handle is useless - you can't stand the umbrellas to keep the water from pouring out.
It has foam padding on all the grips unlike other pull up bars and the door bar has padding on it also to prevent damage to the door! Pull up goals - love having this bar convenient in my door way - I can do pull-ups whenever I want. Compared to other over the door pull up bars that I've seen, this is by far the best quality. I’m very disappointed because this looked like a great, solid pull up bar, but it just doesn’t fit on normal door frames. Easy assembly and very easy to fit to almost any door. It is very sturdy and works in my door frame great. it fit my regular size door perfectly and its very sturdy with good grips. I've hesitated to buy a doorway bar for some time now because I've seen what they do to door frames.
Make sure you have a ball pump on hand if you want to be able to use these balls. Description says it comes with a ball pump... the tiny plastic ball pump included did not have any attachment to actually pump up the balls... so now I have to go out and buy a ball pump... not cool at all! The needle broke into the ball during pumping the very first time we used it on the balls. Pump is very weak, but balls seem to be good quality. We have had these balls for 6 months and they no longer inflate and keep air. The pump that comes with the balls is cheap but adequate. Balls came with a pump but the pump had no tip so there was no way to blow the balls up The balls are just what I expected but, the pump that came with them is AWFUL!!
My son, who's put tires on his bike before, could not get this tire to go on the rim. Also, these tires work great and keep tire puncture/flat tires reduced by 80% vs. regular bike tire. I can't say how long these tires will last but the tire quality appears pretty good. Tire was exact replacement for tires on the bike. Look really nice on my wifes bike.Would definitely by these tires for my next tire replacement. Excellent replacement tire with a very smooth ride compared to the stock tires that came on the bike. I ordered two tires to replace my old tire. They are good tires, actually doing what a tire is suppose to do.
The scale is accurate and I love how it tracks your weight right in the FitBit app. Setup was easy it took 3 minutes to sync scale with WIFI and add it to my Fitbit account. My husband and I use this scale to sync with our FitBit and to track on our app. I love how this scale syncs to the Fitbit app. This scale is very accurate and I love that I am able to sync it to my smartphone with the fitbit app to track my progress. This scale is completely integrated into the Fitbit and everything syncs perfectly with my iPhone, Fitbit, and My Fitness Pal. I love my Fitbit and the scale makes it that much better. I love my fitbit scale.
Standard burlap sacks that both 200lb adults all the way down to 35lb children got great use out of for a party. Nice size sacks for kids at the picnic who had a good time in the sack race. These burlap sacks were great for our family sack race. There are lots of places to buy burlap sacks for potato sack races, but many of them where so inexpensive, I was worried they'd rip. These sacks are perfect for fun filled sack race. Best of all was that the sacks are sturdy and our kids will have lots of fun...and the adults too. These burlap sacks were great for potato sack races. Got these sacks for kids to enjoy potato sack races.
I wear compression socks daily because they normally make my legs feel great. I love compression socks, my legs feel great wearing them. Compression socks aren’t fun to wear when you are on your feet all day and they are hot. She has been wearing compression socks for three years now for swelling in her legs. They are definitely compression socks but they fit a little large for someone with thin legs. But then I wear a pair of compression socks all day long. He has bad swelling in his legs and feet and compression socks were suggested for him. I would recommend these socks for anyone looking for medium compression that is comfortable to wear all day long.
Picture is very clear and surprisingly good for a scope in this price range. Super Clear Scope at 300 Yards, at Dusk or Dawn and anywhere in between!! For the price, it is an excellent scope.Bright clear view. Why spend more for a scope than a rifle if not shooting past 300 yards. I will always go with Bushnell every time they are high quality and in the "working man's price range" great scope! Excellent, clear and bright scope. Good, clear scope. however when compared to more expensive scopes you can definitely tell the glass this scope uses is not the best.
Since we have to stay at home, I missed my gym workout and the bosu ball is what I use to train so now I got it and started using it as I miss my balance practice and core work. So I purchased the Bosu balance trainer to use with my home workouts, for stability, balance and more. I had used a Bosu Balance Trainer at my gym. I found the Bosu ball easy to inflate with the included pump and plug. I’m 74 years old and have been using the Bosu balance trainer at my gym for the last five years. My husband used the bosu ball daily for balance exercises. Love training with the Bosu ball - it's the perfect addition to a home workout. Just got my bosu ball to workout at home since the gym is closed.
After you have good wheels, bearings and cushions all you have to spend is $40 on these bullet skates when your child grows into the next size(get rid of the wheels and bearings that they come with the skates because they are junk)and they react and roll like a more expensive skate. I've had parts of the skate fall off with only a few uses and even after tightening the skates feel uneven and it's not the wheels. I'm giving these skates 2 stars.... low because the toe stop does NOT grip, and caused some problems.... high because the tight and wide wheels were helpful to my young children who taught themselves to skate (slowly) in these skates. If you allow the trucks to flex, the wheels dig into the skate and wears out the sole of the skates. He really loves these skates and all he had to do was oil the wheels and they will fly. very happy, good skates, exactly as described, I love them.they are new and the perfect fit, they look good and skate very smooth, the stoppers work really well also. THESE skates look like something you'd wear around town if it weren't for the wheels. the wheels are super hard , there is no give in the skates at all I've used them twice since I purchased them
These knee sleeves keep compression on my knees and make my squats feel super stable. I bought these knee sleeves to help support my knees while lifting heavy fire hose at work, and they work great. I am extremely happy with these Knee sleeves, they fit my knees tight, and when I squat heavy they really help me on my knees. Very happy with the knee sleeves, they do a great job of keeping the knees warm during workouts and the little extra support results in a more confident squat. I'm new to knee sleeves, I have bad knees and when I squat I wrap them when I go up in weight. At almost 60 my knees are feeling the years & I am very happy with these knee sleeves. These are some of the best knee sleeves he has used and really provides the support he needs when lead lifting and doing squats. For keeping my knees warm while squatting, these knee sleeves are great.
This is a great professional tennis racket for a real good price on Amazon well strong nice grip easy on the handle This is a low cost, light weight tennis racket for beginners. This tennis racket is light weight and feels comfortable. This tennis racket is really great, I use it every weekend.It is solid, light weight and comfortable. It is listed as a beginners racket, which I thought would be appropriate for him since he is just learning how to play tennis. I'm returning to tennis as an older adult so I wanted to find a racket that has a larger head, comfortable grip, lightweight, and a good size sweet spot. I am a beginner tennis player and have really enjoyed this racket! It is what it is, a cheap beginner tennis racket.
First goggles that Fit my 5 year old daughter. My 6 year old is in swim lessons and needed a quality pair of goggles that is easy for her to put on & adjust herself without help. My 8 year old daughter is on the summer swim team and loves these goggles. My 7 year old daughter loves these goggles. These goggles fit my 7, 4, and 2 year old. My 6 and 8 year old girls tried swim team this year and these are the only goggles they would wear. These goggles fit my two year old and a friend's four year old. We ordered these goggles for our (then) 6 year old, mainly for swim lessons and also for over the summer at the pool, and the strap BROKE less than 3-4 months after purchasing them, (and probably less than 12 times in the water).
Very nice sound and the hat is warm. hat quality is nice, easy to use, good sound quality, but has a difficult flaw. Hat is constructed of very nice material, fits well and the sound is pretty good. it fits bulky on the ears and the sound can be heard outside of the hat. The sound is pretty awesome and the hat was good quality and very handsome. my son in law loved this gift, the sound was great The hat is so nice, great sound and easy to setup! I like the sound quality and fit of this hat, but it’s glitchy when it comes to turning it off.
Just be sure you find the two by four studs in the wall and this bar works perfect very sturdy I like the padding vs another wall mounted pull up bar without it. The Wall Mounted pull Bar is well constructed and well design. You need more distance from the pull up bar and the wall. Good sturdy bar. If you have the space on your wall this is the bar to buy! This dip station and their wall mounted pull up bar. Strong and sturdy pull up bar.
