I get fitbit e-mail occasionally that makes it clear that data is leaking. The large screen is really nice. Easy to use and read!! Alexa is useless. Maybe they are more compatible with Androids.... LONG battery life. I pre-ordered this item and it arrived to me yesterday. Apparently there are issues with some older devices that are not compatible with the Versa 2. I has a bit of a problem with the first one sent.
This belt is perfect. Easy access to bottle. Very small opening for phone. Key fob fell out on a run. It's just the right size. Nothing moves around during run.
Everyone was jealous of the cross-body strap! Unisex clear bag, made sturdily and can hold quite a bit. stadium approved. Very sturdy and durable. Great bag for game day! Not 12 x 12 x 6. Just wish it had a water bottle sleeve on the outside. Came with both (attached) over-the-shoulder and (removable) cross-body straps. The choice of a shoulder straps was very useful. You can even put a full size NFL ball inside for autographs or four smaller balls which I did. Great bag for game day! Great bag for game day!
If you’re in the market for a big golf umbrella, I suggest buying this. Got the 62" and its works for me. It would be helpful to have a curved or more ergonomic handle. The umbrella is clearly made of cheap material. But very lightweight and big! Drys quickly. Used umbrella 5 times, had it for 3 months. It holds up well in the wind. Hopefully this color choice will deter a co-worker from “borrowing” it. The neck of the umbrella is sturdy.
Really sturdy and well made. Very big and durable. Good quality and easy to assemble. Perfect for my kids age 2-4 and love that it will grow with them! It has grooves so you can adjust the height. Love the height adjustments.
Slept 2 adults and 2 kids very comfortably with a lot of room to spare. We fit a queen size air mattress, and a pack&play for our infant. I fit two queen air mattresses and a large dog kennel in this tent comfortably. Put a 5x7 area rug in the middle. before I purchased the tent I saw a video of it doing a great job in the wind and rain. This 8 man tent is no exception. Set up on the other hand was a mess!
(We fold it in half to help keep the water out, and keep our shoes outside). Fairly easy to pitch, works best with two people. We set this tent up and it was huge. Even though the material is a little too thin to me. Yes, the price is a bargain, but this will not keep you dry during the rain. The screened sides, vent, plus the windows provide excellent ventilation even with the rain fly on. More than spacious enough for 1-3 people! It will keep your dry. Even the floor stayed dry.
Love that it has a stove and a grill. This fairly costly grille doesn't have a built in igniter, or a carry handle. Upon first use of this product using for less than 20 minutes it melted. Upon first use of this product using for less than 20 minutes it melted. Great for camping. Bought the griddle to go with this. Super easy to use and clean. This stove does not have an igniter. The knobs are a bit tight and very touchy.
Has enough positional settings to use for a wide variety of exercises. Does not take up to much space. There is a gap between the pads. This bench adjusts to 6 different positions. This is a TERRIFIC BENCH, but it is missing two useful inclinations: 30 degrees and 60 degrees. Bench is stable but I don’t like the position of the legs as they are right where I would normally put my feet.. just need to get used to it I guess
This is ideal for those who are recovering from knee surgery, etc. cannot fix resistance level. Easy to assemble and easy to use. My only hiccup is that the seat makes a rattle.
Fantastic squat rack for the price. Very durable and steady. Amazon directs me to CAP's customer service page.
The wrist straps help with stability and protection. So do do yourself a favor and get a pair of these you won't regret it! They're thick and made of leather with rubber cushioning. The links between the fingers make them easy to remove. Rubber padding works great, especially when lifting heavy weights. They have 1 year warranty.
Nice small soccer ball for the kids to play with. Great for youth soccer. The soccer ball did not hold air. I purchased the Orange soccer ball (Size 3). It arrived at the indicated date. What else does it need to be.
This thing is comfortable and crystal clear. pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s Pros Doesn’t fog Ear protection Breathable Looks good Cons None Range of vision is vast, and crystal clear. So that anti fog stuff is a load of BS. pros It’s a solid mask won’t break Many lens options Fits tight to face Foam is soft and dries up sweat fast Ready for a GoPro Cons Runs a little small on lower part so if you open your mouth you chin is exposed Overall it’s an amazing mask but if you prefer something a little bigger and wider get the dye i5s They say it's small, and it is true, there is a bit more exposed with the short sides, but comfort and clarity make up for that.
The HR monitor seems pretty accurate (more so than the Fitbit), as well as the step counter. I basically keep track of steps, heart rate and time. Always on hrm screen is convenient compared to competition. Easy to read screen and you get smartphone notifications. Can shower and swim while wearing. I've had 4 Fitbits in the last 3 years. HR isn't as accurate either. I've had 4 Fitbits in the last 3 years.
Great product at a very good price. Lots of fun...its what I wanted and love the fast delivery! Applicable to anything you want to use it for. It displays the actual speed while pulling the trigger and the top speed when released. My husband absolutely loves this speed gun. It's not anywhere near an accurate measuring device.
Sturdy recumbent bike with lots of features that work well. Been riding this for 2 months to help with cardiac rehab. This bike is great except for the adjustiing for shorter people. Love the bike. We are not exercise gurus.
Says they are much more comfortable than previous brands that were supposed to reduce sting. It has some extra padding right where you need it. Feels nice in the hand while batting. My daughter loved these gloves. Received different style gloves and different color. My daughter loved these gloves. Franklin batting gloves work well and have lasted through a very hot and sweaty practice season.
Great electric Go-kart for an 8-12 year old. Handles well on grass and gravel, super zippy. Holds a charge for a very very long time. Rubber tires are great for traction and she rides it in the grass and on the asphalt. It's been broken or finicky most of the time we have had it. My 14 yr old is still small enough (75lbs) to ride too as the max weight is 120. We have never exhausted it and it has enough power to climb significant grades. It's been broken or finicky most of the time we have had it.
Typical Pilates ring! You can work every part of your body. This ring offers the right amount of resistance for the routines I employ. Great addition to my home gym. This ring seems to be sturdy and will serve the purpose for my use.
Love this stand makes cooking over camp fire a lot easier Tripod is a very nice lightweight unit. The chain lowering system allows you to control the warmth by raising and lowering to the fire Perfect for camping and cooking over a fire. Perfect for camping and cooking over a fire. The unit held the cast iron crock pot with no issues. Plus the grill is free hanging so if you are cooking ears of corn be careful so they don't roll off.
They look like nice skates but they don't hold up well. My daughter has wide feet, so the ice skates that we rent pinched and were painful. Size 6 fits shoe size 6 perfectly. Fleece lined is awesome! They work very well for my 4 year old. The fit in the foot was good but the laces are too short to lace all the way up. The skates must be sharpened prior to use. A bit too tight. Good for a beginner skater.
I have tons of high dollar duck calls that you have to work really hard to make sound real. First time using a triple reed call is just as advertised easy to blow and great tone good for all ability callers I can call all types of birds and this call hits the perfect note Durable, easy to blow and always ready. Also great for beginners learning how to call. Awesome duck call!
Great jump rope - nice speed and durability. One of the best speed ropes I have ever used! The screws and ball bearing system really make this a stable and perfectly functioning jump rope. I love the bearings and coated steel cable on these. Great for single unders, double unders, and even triple unders. Love that it comes with 2 ropes ! Easily adjusted. together in a row. Comes with extra rope and carrying bag. Just need a small space in the hotel room and you can get a great sweaty workout.
I like the air fill on both stroke directions. I selected it over other pumps because it has a built-in gauge, so this was disappointing. Terrific customer service. The one issue is that it doesn't connect easily to most places on a bike. I really like the gauge and the pressure release button.
High quality. great reel for the money. all metal body. Drag is strong. Very good reel. It is very comfortable and reels in the line fast . The performance for the price is very good. My primary use for this reel was surfcasting in New Jersey for inshore species, like bluefish and striped bass. I'm able to cast really far.
Great skates for the money, easily adjusted, and fast! The roller blades' wheels are not smooth. She wears a women's size 7. Great quality for the price. If you plan on using the brake, definitely don’t waste your money on this skate. A pain to have return. The outer layer of the skates were poorly made.
But for the price it's hard to complain. Great kettlebell, no complaints- holding up well to plenty of use. I have read the review here and thought the price for this piece of steel was very affordable. The diameter of the handle is a bit larger than others of similar weight.
I have the ML glove and they are great. Love the snug fit, these gloves are tough and very form fitting. Great for surfing. I have the ML glove and they are great. I use them for a little added water resistance while swimming to tone my arms. bought for the bf who said it works excellent with a snug fit once you cut off the tips of each finger and thumb. Tip: to easily remove them when wet, blow into the edge by your wrist and inflate them like a balloon. They are thin so your fingers get cold in cold water, but otherwise they work great. They are hard to put on/take off unless wet.
Piece of garbage. 14 CUP camping coffee ppot! The pot is stout great for boiling or making cowboy coffee with it. Piece of garbage. The best coffee in the world! Easy to pour, don't need to worry about the lid falling off!
This scope has a lot of nice features. With high levels of light the reticle just appears black. Once in the field it zeroed in pretty fast! Shock proof and water proof. The 3 yard field of view is a great feature. Once in the field it zeroed in pretty fast! Highly recommended to all. Can't beat the price.
These are good lacrosse balls that are decently priced. Perfect to have a dozen extra balls. Not sure how these are for actual Lacrosse, but they didn’t stand up to my American Bulldog/Pit Bull/Mastiff mix. Son loves them to use in the backyard to practice. These are perfect for those exercises! They are not only inexpensive but work well for many types of muscle issues.
Best boxing gloves! Great for sparring and hitting bags! Super durable, made of real leather. Great even padding surface as well for training and sparring. Very nice leather plus excellent wrist support. They last a long time even with heavy use. Too tight around front knuckle area of hand in my opinion
Otherwise, I like this bench for the money. Love the preacher curl. My only gripe is doing bench press itself. I like that I can adjust the incline or decline quickly and easily. I give this a 4/5. It makes it hard to use the bench for dumbbell workouts etc.
Each belt with round the clock wear lasts over a year. Lots of cool color options! Its large enough to hold my smart phone and ID. It did not creep up and stayed in place with no bouncing. The waist is adjustable. My iPhone 6 barely fits into the pocket. This was a fake, not an actual Spibelt.
It keeps the water from getting all over my car. The C-shaped handle is super handy for hanging to dry or slip on your wrist for hands free carrying other things. It also stands on its own! I love this umbrella! Great for watching my grandkids' sporting events for shade and UV protection. Handle is comfortable, like that it can hang on my wrist if needed with out falling off. Though not too much to tread on it yet.
Total confidence from the first pull up. Hooked right up to the door. It works well, hand grips are comfortable and is sturdy. Fits around standard door frame easily .. Sturdy, feels safe ..works great and love the different handles to allow for variation of exercises Best part no installation required. Comfortable pull up bar for over the door frame, has multi position choices.
Pretty disappointed in the lack of durability. Great for dodgeball. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. Bought a set of these for Christmas 2017. One issue to watch out for is manufacturers/sellers changing suppliers and the product changing over time.
Good tire for a great price. Though the listing said steel bead, I received a folding tire. They are good tires for trails and pavement. First, Sasquatch pay full price. Good off road traction. A lot sturdier than the one that was previously on the bike.
I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a Wi-Fi scale. My wife and I love the Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi smart scale. Great scale and integrates well with my Fitbit account. It's a lot to pay for a scale but it does everything it promises to do. It works but isn't as "smooth" as some of the other Fitbit products.
These burlap sacks are perfect for storing at least 50 pounds of potatoes. Very durable, and can hold up to many hours of fun!!!! I would purchase again, but not for gardening. I picked up a set of 4 bags to use this memorial day weekend. Perfect fit for kids and adults. (Instant Halloween costumes with a few key cuts...) Will have to air them out before using.
It is a good value. This is a great set of compression socks that fit both men and women. The socks are made of nylon. Loved the choice of colors and patterns as well. I have to adjust them so they aren't too long. They tend to bunch up under my knees and the binding effect hurts after awhile.
Holds zero and clear lens. Good in low light. I would recommend this scope if you want something of quality for an incredible low price! Excellent in low light conditions. For the price, this turned out to be way better than I expected. My buddy has one on his 30-06 and it works well on that firearm as well. Easy to adjust This is a good cheap scope, however; it does seem to fog up fairly easily....which is the reason I replaced my junk tasco scope. Pleasantly surprised on the quality and accuracy with the price point.
I recommend "The Original" Bosu Balance Trainer. It's excellent for balance exercises and gives a great overall workout. Includes a workout DVD. We have not been able to inflate this because the hole that you fill is about 2 mm in diameter and the plug is 7.5 mmm. Great balance trainer.
very happy, good skates, exactly as described, I love them.they are new and the perfect fit, they look good and skate very smooth, the stoppers work really well also. Good fit. These are OK for the price. Impossible to wear! They feel good and let me skate for much longer than I used to on rental skates and without killing my feet. These are OK for the price. These are OK for the price. He liked them for street skating. Great skates for the price. A little tight across the toes but hopefully they’ll break in. These are OK for the price. These are OK for the price. You can make them a pro set by replacing the bearings with a good pair.
They give great support whether you're doing heavy powerlifting or more quick actions. Thick neoprene makes for great support. Good compression and warmth! They fit very snug and secure and give great support. They are kind of big but this is about reducing the risk of injury and you will use primarily during heavy sets for squats or leg presses. Also have a 1 year warranty which many brands do not. Great material, high level of support. The logo does fall/ peel off.
This racket is perfect for me to practice. Lots of power. Only drawback was the grip size. This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! The extra length gives this power. This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! This is the bee and wasp destroyer at our house! This racket is great!
The kids like the fun tie-dye colors, good fit (doesn't leak), and easy adjustment. The key is the double strap in the back. These were a perfect fit for my 5 year old (with a huge head). Best goggles for kids. Once her hair is wet the straps keep the goggles in place and the back strap doesn't slide down and crush her ears.
Had to google to figure out how to sync - press and hold Play/Pause until flashes between red / blue. Also, no charging cable, if you're like most android phone users you probably have a handful of USB Micro cables around that will work for this. The one with folding brim fit a little tighter, and therefore better. Good sound quality. It's warm and fits snug. Good battery life. Speakers can be slightly repositioned and are completely removable through a small zippered opening so you can wash the hat. Love this beanie, and the customer service! The hat runs small.
This dip station and their wall mounted pull up bar. Easy to install. After 3-4 months, the padded grips are still in great shape. I was doing wide grip pull ups with a 45lb plate hanging plus me who's about 215lbs. Worked great until it gave out on me in the middle of the workout! I really wanted to like this bar.
