I have an iPhone so I cannot reply to a message but the messages that come across the screen are very clear.	Absolutely drop dead darling!!!	I'm so glad I invested in my fitness with this watch.	Love that I can read a text while walking.	I am working with Fitbit to try and resolve the issues but time will tell if I get any satisfaction.	I like that my notifications show and I can
I thought I would tear it or harm the phone, but after a few insertions I discovered how to slide it in effortlessly.	The phone stays secure and I forget I have this on.	I usually put my cell phone and keys in there and don't even notice it while I'm jogging.	Overall I'm very happy with the product, it holds my phone which is a large in one pocket and keys and honey drops
Very thick heavy duty plastic.	Its a perfect fit for places (stadiums, museums) that only allow certain measurment clear bags.	Actually, it was a little better (better made) than I had expected.	Minus one star.	Then it came out from the seam when leaving the game, causing me to put the strap inside and attempting to keep it on my shoulder while trying to exit a packed NFL stadium.	Using the larger strap, you can
So far they haven’t said anything negative shot it, so I’m assuming it works.	The spring and metal pieces are broken and thus I can't even close the umbrella!	My problem is that water seeps through the seams and you will get wet.	I didn’t realize how huge this is!	fortunately i could glue it back.	I like how it keeps me dry when it’s rainy outside.	I hope this one works better.	Has a
I bought this for my grandson three years ago and he plays with it every time he comes over.	Although they are very sweet and let her play with them, she never makes a basket.	We bought him the real basketballs(the small size) and it has worked well.	The height adjustment is the best part.	Its a lot bigger than I expected, Its for my 4 year old for Christmas so I haven't opened it
Held up well through 2 nights of pretty strong winds and rain.	This is a really good sized tent!	Kept the rain out.	We also liked the fact that this tent kept everything dry even when someone touched the side.	Love the out swinging door.	I finally got to use it and found a couple of holes in it and a few of the stakes were bent.	Could not pack it back into its carrying
It rained during the camping trip and the boys stayed nice and dry in their tent.	Dont expect the lightweight of a backpacking tent.	Just be careful entering and exiting, the door flap falls in and drips water everywhere.	I'm not sure why.	If it’s used during the winter definitely use the rain fly as the tent only has screen on the sides.	It rained heavily on Saturday night and throughout Sunday, and everything inside
It said don't put pots on grill and I didn't.	My only complaint is that if you accidentally bump the wind protectors inward, the whole lid collapses and falls back.	I am not returning because I am leaving for vacation and have no time.	It’s either high or higher.	If you are looking for something more portable and lightweight...checkout Jetboil systems but they are a lot more expensive.	It heats things up quickly and evenly.
It is heavy enough to be stable, but not difficult to move with the built in wheels.	I bought this one for my wife to match mine.	The wheels are somewhat cheap and make the process of moving the bench more tedious than the more expensive version, but for my needs, this is worth the lower price.	Proper pad height and variety of incline positions.	I’m not rating the bowflex bench because I didn’t receive
The package arrived damaged.	This bike is great.	Comfortable and love the features such as showing mileage and the amount of calories used.	I do have to mention as others have the exclusion of the charger is annoying, but manageable.	Have not had it long, but so far it seems great!	Overall I am very satisfied with the product.	Good bike don't give me wrong.	My husband easily assembled the bike with no problems.	Been
only reason it didn't receive a 5 was because there were 4 washers missing.	Works great use it almost every day.	Really good quality I'm surprised I spent so little on it.	As I was assembling this rack I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the materials.	For the weight I'm lifting right now, it's more than adequate.	It doesn't sway or slide, very sturdy.	Amazon directs me to CAP's customer service page.	Solid
I don;t think I'll destroy these any time soon, but beyond durability these will make me feel more confident.	Husband lifts weights.	Quality has just really gone down hill.	And they look fantastic!	They're thick and made of leather with rubber cushioning.	See attached video for more details.	Item is very snug so as the description say of you are in between sizes get next size up, so I would suggest if you are with
The color is so vibrant.	The error was, mine to not read the lines below, I let myself be carried away by the image, but I do not think that image is coincidence.	This ball doesn’t.	Came deflated which was great as I was mailing it out.	The colors are bright and easy to see in less than ideal light.	Nice product!	Bought this ball for Salvation Army gift for a girl tween.	Thought it
Aloha, al	I wasted a lot of money buying all the other mask when I should of gotten this one from the start, I would of saved more in the long run......	Never fogs up and it's easy to clean.	Get it now!	Looking forward to using it!	This is a great investment no type of fog whats so ever and easy too clean	Excellent field of view, light weight, yet sturdy design.	Totally worth
Know your heart rate at a glace and with Smartphone App.	I moved from the Vivosmart to the the Vivosmart HR.	The watch is fairly unresponsive and tells me to move while I'm out for a walk.	Had I known the “deep Purple” was not true to color described or pictured, I’d purchased black.	Doubles as safety gear!	Have had it only 2 months (not worn everyday either) and screen already cracked.	Heart Rate measurement
Maybe the whit one and the grey one are the same?	They sent me the discontinued piece of sh&*, and not the BUP542-1 (I guess they look alike?	Buy any other radar gun even if it is more expensive.	Save your money	Stopped working properly with 2nd use.	It works really nice.	We have a lot of fun with this!	I sit on a bucket and catch her with the gun in my right hand,
I purchased this bike from Amazon 1 year ago.	I've been using this exercise bike for roughly 8 months.	This item was dumped at a locked building anyone could have taken.	Quite surprising.	Excellent value, all I have to do is use it!	Biggest disappointment was a rather bad odor that it has.	Took about an hour to put together with help.	Quiet and easy to program, easy to mount and dismount.	Recommend it.	The
They are padded in all the right places.	This is my second pair of these gloves.	I have bought Franklin gloves before and always found them well built and durable.	I use them for slow-pitch softball and it has completely eliminated the aftershock effect of making a hit.	I like these a lot.	It was my fault.	I'm 5'8", slim, with normal sized hands (not very helpful), 140lbs.	My 12 yr old says he feels
It slows drastically when it gets off paved surfaces.	Came already assembled from Razor/Amazon.	Definitely need a helmut and more supervision due to 10-12 mph depending on the battery power but this thing is incredible.	We ordered this for out six year old granddaughter and she has loved it.	The outer box was beat up and coming apart, but inside the Dune Buggy was intact and undamaged.	After about 6 months the battery quit charging
Conceptually, a good product but poor cushioning.	I've been using it with my patients in physical therapy and they have all enjoyed it and we're surprised by how challenging some of the exercises can be.	We love it, we love that it is hard work, but rewarding.	So my advice to the manufacturer, give a decent guide to your buyers or put something on your website.	It's meant to simply give a good resistance.	The
It looked cool though :)	Not really a big dea, but was a little unexpected.	It was easy to adjust up and down once I got used to it.	Probably just get one from the store so I can check it out	I wouldn’t take a chance on this if it’s going to come right from the factory like this.	Can't wait to use this when I go camping, it's just perfect.	This item was
Description said they run small (one size); but accounting for that deviation did not help.	Overall she's happy to wear them, especially compared to the rental skates.	Love these skates!	The design is great and jackson is always a trusted and known brand with figure skating rinks.	The fit in the foot was good but the laces are too short to lace all the way up.	I ordered them because Jackson has a wider toe
My husband really likes this call.	I'm not a hunter, and certainly no duck or call expert, but I can make it sound well enough like the ducks.	Not a feeder but kills the greeting call.	Get call.	Sturdy little thing sounds like a duck!	Inexpensive enough to not feel bad about losing it in the slough by accident.	Good range, robust sound, and easy to blow.	Received this call when I expected.	It sounds
Fantastic rope.	Either way, it's a well designed rope and worth the money.	Wire cutters are necessary when shortening the rope.	Delivery was super fast and packaged well.	Light weight and comes with a spare!	A tremendous improvement from the old Everlast leather rope that has served me for 20 years.	REALLY INCONVENIENT!!!!!!!	I bought this rope for my daughter who is 5 and just learning to jump rope.	My 10 year old (5 foot)
I received this pump and tried it out.	We are very happy with your product and extremely pleased with your customer service.	This is one of those items you hope you don't need to use while on the trails.	The extension hose makes it easier to access valves in tight spots.	Attaches under water bottle holder.	Appears to be made by high quality materials and definitely performs as described by manufacturer.	I'm afraid it draws
but they are very strong and durable.	It works remarkably well and it is a little heavy compared to my Stradic Ci4, but I don't care if my Battle gets banged up on the rocks I wade in since it's a lot more rugged (and cheaper!).	The reel is second to none.	Awesome reel BUT DONT TRUST THAT COMPANY SELLING THE “used”	Very much worth the price.	Arrived on time (quick!)	I use one for
They are pretty however..:..	Giving as a gift, so that wasn't helpful.	They rollerblade in the house, outside on sidewalks, parks, etc.	Look fairly robust.	Bought these for my 9 year old daughter who wears a size 7.	Was supposed to be a gift for my daughter.	I've been using them for a couple of weeks now.	I tried stretching them out but they made my feet extremely sore.	My 6 year old daughters favorite
Well, we actually received a 35lb silver kettlebell, not the black 30lb.	Very smooth finish no inconsistencies with the handle.	She's happy.........I'm happy.	Love this product!	can't beat the price - quality for the money.	The finish is paint so it may chip if dropped on concrete or other hard surfaces, but overall it is a durable finish.	I also want to comment on the KB grip, particularly the gripping area.	It's a lump of
Not as useful as a rigid paddle.	But, still, really good looking.	I bought DarkFin Webbed Power Swimming Gloves after watching a youtube video on how they were produced and they showed the process which all seems like a big lie to me now.	I am very happy with them.	I feel like superwoman when I slip them on and start swimming !!	I got a size medium and I don't have big hands.	Great
The coffee is the best just like I remembered it years ago before these coffee makers came to light.	(Government-issued coffee just doesn't make it!)	The coffee pot came damaged.	The main issue is the stem as many note, it bends very easily.	The stem is very fragile.	Nice pot - the lid stays on when you pour too - no scalding surprises!	You are only able to make a full pot of coffee.	from
That said.	Has held 0 since sighting it in, eye relief is good not great but good.	The scope is not bad but I could not get it to hold zero .	And as the problem others were having on the off kilter cross hairs.	Stay areound We Need You.	Quite frankly it is a great optic for the price point.	I bought it as a backup of a backup and it primarily sits in
Not impressed	So far these have worked great!!	I returned them because the quality of the balls are not good.	my teenage son uses these for practice.	Amazing how adding colored lacrosse balls to your workouts makes it more fun.	I bought these for my dog who has chewed through multiple “tough” balls.	Scoring with the Money Ball is always more points.	bought for my power chewer, who destroys chuck it balls in 5 minutes.
One hand will fall asleep when using them.	They take a few classes to break in but since then they've been great.	I just need to find better wraps, the fairtex ones get distorted too easily in the washing machine.	I found these gloves to be unnecessarily tough with limited padding that felt like hard plastic on my hands.	The American Flag ones and now these.	The lining in one of my gloves was loose
The bench cushion is very bad with sharp edge.	It's the best decision I've made.	The set is very good.	Not so much fun to put together but not difficult at all.	It can take quite a bit of weight too.	If you buy this make sure you are ready to go to the hardware store.	I don't recommend using the rinky dink joke of an all-in-one tool they give you for assembly.	Assembly was
The elastic belt and spandex material of the bag itself keeps it tight against my body so it doesn't bounce when I'm running.	What a nifty little item!	Now I can wear whatever I want and carry what I need in my spi belt.	The waist belt is by far the best option.	Easy to adjust to your body and doesn't bounce as much as some other running belts do.	It's lightweight and comfortable.	Povket
Now it seems that all of my friends have the same one in different prints.	Whenever people see them, they’re asking where to get theirs.	When it is closed, it has a unique inside color of your choice.	It withstood some great wind and rain.	Also, the button that holds the umbrella open doesn't seem very strong.	The brand name is written in very large letters repeating around the entire umbrella over the edge of
Very versatile.	Only negative aspect is a major one, though: the foam padding wears out too fast.	Square-headed carriage bolts drop into square slots to keep them from spinning when the nut is tightened; that's how it's supposed to work, anyway.	This one, on the other hand, feels sturdy and higher quality.	Not sure how useful this is for the other exercises but it's cool that it can be use in different ways.	Hooked right
Just open the cap of the pump itself.	I was pooped after two balls!	The net bag is great as I keep them in the bag outdoors while not in use.	These balls seem good, although I don’t know how they will hold up long term.	Be warned!	2nd one that we have bought.	The quality and durability are lacking.	We did not go through the effort to send them back.	Its great except it
Wanted puncture resistant shwinn tires.	I can't see a size or performance difference at all.	This is a VERY reliable tire.	When I need tires again, I would look for these same tires.	It some work to install them and center the bead on the the rim.	I live in the Sierra Nevada's with lots of things on the ground that like to flatten tires!	its heavy.	If you want the fastest possible roll, these
A completely frustrating experience.	The bodyfat percentage can also move around a bit.	There have been a couple times where it has misread the first time I've stepped on it, but then the second reading was right on par.	It reliably weighs me about 5-7 lbs heavier than the scale at the doctor's office (even though the atria is used 1st thing in the morning nude).	I weigh morning and night.	I would rate the
The kids & adults had a blast using them for what we called the Bunny Hop race.	One of the only sellers that had same day shipping for this item.	I haven’t noticed the smell since the first day.	It was received broken inside the shrink wrap.	They are potato sacks.	So we created a 50s style children's birthday party, with sack races, volleyball, water ballon toss (which of course became a water ballon fight
These are ok, but not tight enough, I am 6feet 6 inches tall with large calves.	No compression number, and there was a strong chemical odor when I opened the packages.	Like the color assortment.	Guess u her what u paid for.	I could have fit another inch of foot in the actual sock to make it fit somewhat.	I love these socks, they have saved my life!	even though they were the same thing
With the lifetime warranty, what could go wrong?	HMR 17 for squirrel hunting.	Bought another for my 243 cause, cheap, good, and reliable	I did not know what to expect as I had read a couple of complaints that were about this scope although most posts were favorable.	This is my second one.	Got it zerod in at 200 yards and I've loc tightened all the threads on the mount so we'll see how long
Such a great addition to my home gym.	During Covid, I’ve decided to inflate it and give it a good chance.	Very versatile.	Some look a bit tough to do as a beginner but something to work towards.	Still okay but if I'm going to buy a "new" item, a new item is what I want and this must have been a return.	All I received was the ball.	I wanted to add extra air
They ok.	-They feel great, not tight, like someone else posted.	I ordered these for my son - I ordered one size up - because the the rental skates are always the next size from what his wears in a tennis shoe.	i bought them to roll around my work on lunch and they are perfect.	However the bearings are sticky and the wheels are not concrete rink worthy.	Help me feel much more balanced.
Put them on as you're warming up and you will notice a drastic change in knee comfort even outside of your workout.	I sweat and they get sticky due to their neoprene type material.	Wrap-check, brace-check, the neoprene then added a heating element.	No knee pain afterwards.	Love these!	I'm 46 and have never used any type of accessory for lifting.	I recently found out I might have a torn ACL from an injury that
the product is cheap, but the racquet is totally deformed, and there is a big scratch.	They are light weight and really attractive looking.	The grip tape is nice too.	Very light and much easier on the wrist and elbow than previous racquets.	its lightness at the same time will make you a confident player.	I had a Wilson Kforce I was using which was great but I would have to restring often.	It is
Didn't fall off during race starts like the Speedo Jr vanquisher did.	Totally keeps the water out.	If these ever become defective, I will buy again!	She loves the color.	The colors look great.	He used them for swim team all summer.	I like supporting small business from third party sellers.	They last all swim season.	Great goggles!	My 5.5 yo daughter likes it a lot.	They fit my 11-year-old daughter well and seal properly.
bought some for each member of the family.	This hat is awesome!	I have run with it several times and enjoy not having to deal with earbuds.	If you look at the photo provided, you can tell that it is supposed to bunch up a little and flop over, but on a real head it does way more than shown.	He's outside a decent amount so its really convenient to have.	The sound quality is
He loves having it at home as he can knock out some pull ups anytime he walks by it.	Looks like I had the same problem as the most recent review.	It is a much better alternative to the doorway mount bar.	If I had one suggestion it would be for the bar to be just a couple inches wider for really wide grip pull ups, but I wouldn't say this is a major fault.
