I bought this to help me improve my health and track my steps. I am so impressed with the versa 2. I can also track my sleep patterns...which is very helpful to me.
I'm a diabetic so I stuff this belt full of snacks when I go running... along with my phone and keys, and everything fits great and nothing falls out! My ONLY suggestion is to get a larger size if you're planning on putting a lot of stuff in your belt like I do. It's common sense that the more stuff you pack in there, the tighter it's going to fit around your waist.
I used this when I went to New York for NYE. I was able to fit many things in it. It was sturdy enough to hold all the items. The straps where the only thing that was uncomfortable due to the weight however it was worth it because I really needed it to carry as many items as possible. Overall I was happy with my purchase.
There was a storm the day I received this umbrella and was glad that I could use and test it. Results were amazing, the large canopy kept me sheltered event with strong rains and the umbrella never buckled due to the strong winds. I am glad I got this product!
This is a great basketball set. It is sturdy and easy to put together. Our kids love it. It has held up well so far. The ball that comes with it isn’t that great.
I bought this tent in 2016 and have used it 4 times since then. Last year I noticed water dripping into the tent at a single point through the rain fly. This year there were multiple leaks in the rain fly, and the sides of the tent began letting water in as well. It’s now in the trash.
So far so good! Used it two or three times over the summer and loved it. It’s very spacious for 2 people in the 4 person tent. I’m 5 foot tall and I can stand up in the center. It rained and we did not get wet. We did put a tarp under the tent and sprayed it with waterproof spray just to be safe. Easy to assemble but I recommend taking a video the first time you open it to make sure you fold it up the same way. It does have a strip to tear out and expand the bag if needed.
I purchased this grill/stove last year but I didn't get to use it until this past weekend. I am not sure what kind of material this is made of but the grill melted. It looked like plastic melted. I am so disappointed as I have used other Coleman products and they are great quality but this one is questionable.
As many other reviewers have stated, the gap between the seat and the back rest is a bit of a pain when you are in a decline position. Also as others have stated the wheels to move it around are almost useless, unless you have the bench almost vertical. But besides those two cons, I would still recommend this unit to anyone that is looking for a home gym. For me this unit completes my needs for being able to do shoulder press, curls, incline bench, flat bench, decline bench, and crunches. The weight of the unit makes it easy enough to move around, even if the wheels are not perfect.
Was so excited to give this as a Christmas gift for my hubby. After 2 months of use (2-3x/week) the console does not work. Very disappointing.
Good value for the money. No regreats here. Does what it needs to do. A little squeaky /creaky on pullups every now and then.
I bought these for my boyfriend and he has worked out for over 40 years. He says these are the best lifting gloves he has ever had.
My sons loves their new soccer ball they bring it to every practice. My kids loves their new ball.
Got the Dirty Bird and it is AMAZING!!! I play speedsoft and it never fogs up and is very low profile so it doesn't get in the way of my sights when aiming. Super light and the field of vision is phenomenal. A little expensive, but beats having to leave a game just to wipe fog from your lenses. Not to mention all the compliments i get on it. Super aggressive look to it. Definitely recommend
The directions were not all clear about pairing with a smartphone and Yes, I had to get a millennial to help.
I purchased this radar gun because my 9yr old son said I pitched slow. ... He was right! Works good and consistent. Good product for the price. I'm happy with it.
The only thing this bike lacks is a short video to show the proper use of the computer. Still, I love it.
Great batting gloves that provide extra protection to palms and fingers. Extremely durable and very comfortable.
This product has so far been great for my 6 year old. Although I can't seem to keep my 12 year old off of it either. It does not go too fast for those of you concerned but does go faster than the power wheel.
The quality is good. I love that it comes in a color I want! I like that the size is portable and I can store it behind a desk out of sight.
Hopefully this one will last longer than my original one I had from Walmart. Time will tell, but so far liking the tripod.
These skates are very comfortable and fit well. I am a women's size 5 shoe size and got the size 4 in these and they fit perfectly. I have a very narrow foot though so if you have a wider foot I would go with your regular shoe size in these. Those of you that said these run 2 sizes small are not correct. The reason your child who wears size 3 shoe would need a 5 in these is because womens size 5 is a kids size 3! These are womens sizes not kids so you have to convert the kids size to womens. A great skate for a casual skater.
This is by far my favorite call on my lanyard! sounds amazing, easy to blow, and is completely functional when wet. Great call!
I used to have a Rogue SR-1, but my gym bag was stolen from my car, and I figured with all the positive reviews and how much cheaper this rope is, I would give this a shot. It's heavier. MUCH heavier. I'd say that 30 DU's with this rope is about the equivalent of 40 with the SR-1. Not bad if you're trying to give yourself a challenge, but you're not going to be able to keep up with the guys who have the more expensive ropes. Props for how easy it is to adjust though - much better than the tiny screws that come with the Rogue ropes.
Got the pump on time. Good packaging. I like the small size and quality components. Used it to inflate a soccer ball. It worked well.
This is my favorite reel. Plan to use for years to come.
These left bruises on my feet after one use. I wear a size 6/12 women’s. I got the extra large. The adjustable feature is awesome if they are comfortable for you. I gifted them to a friend who wears a size 8 and has very narrow feet-they are comfortable for her. I went with $80 k2 brand from play it again sports and they are 10x more comfortable. My husband got a pair of k2s as well.
i pick heavy stuff up and put it down. i grow stronger.. NOW GET TO THE CHOPPPER
I thought these looked pretty cool and I enjoy swimming so I thought I'd give them a try. If you go to their website first, they have printouts that you can use to find the right size. These are pretty hard to get on when you're hands are dry so I'd recommend putting them on once you get into the water. Once they're on though you definitely feel like you're able to move more water and thereby swim faster! The quality of the gloves is good and the material seems sturdy.
I loved the coffee pot until the glass top broke while brewing a pot of coffee. Of course, it's beyond the return period. Very disappointed that it only lasted a few months.
Could not hold a zero. Used a vice to hold the weapon and POI would move around between 3-8 inches. Parallax adjustment would move on its own while shooting and after about 10 rounds it would move from infinity to about 25 yds. Returning it after wasting about 300 rounds.
Standard lacrosse ball. I use them for dog fetching. Hold up well!
After 3 years of Muay Thai and going through a few different brands, I will not be buying anything other than Fairtex for gloves. Basically my whole gym agrees.
For people under 5' 10" ONLY. Quality ... for the money.
I bought this belt roughly 1 month ago. Needless to say after all of the research and reviews, I don't regret this purchase. I've had 2 other failed belts that crapped out on me after 2-3 uses. I'm an avid runner;running an average of 4.5 miles 4x per week and this belt is comfortable and keeps everything intact. I highly recommend this belt for anyone.
It's a great umbrella, love not getting my car all wet when I get inside of rain storm it's so easy
Love this. It is perfect for me. Well made. Nice soft hand grip, makes it easier to use for more reps..
This seemed like a sturdy, well-built ball. It lasted for only a couple uses before it began to leak air and go flat constantly. I'm bummed because the reviews seemed so good! My kids weren't very hard on the ball, and it hardly got any use before it became useless.
I ordered two but had to trade one back in due to what appeared to be a defect in manufacture--two broken sidewall ribs. The Amazon trade in process is painless and easy. The new tire sent to me as a replacement was fine. Nowhere on the packaging is there any mention of Kevlar being used as the reinforcement for the tire, but the packaging does say that the tire is layered for reinforcement. In any case, I am happy with my new tires.
So far I'm really enjoying the scale. It was difficult to swallow spending so much on one, but so far I'm enjoying the data that comes from it and it's keeping me engaged. It was super easy to setup too.
Lots a dirt on the carpet. Used for sack races but they are nice and the dirt really didn’t bother me at all.
The socks are nice enough if you’re just looking for knee-high socks for tall people. But I was looking for compression stockings for short people, and these socks do not have enough compression to even feel and they’re a bit too long for me (I’m 5’3”). So they might be fine for you,?depending on what you’re looking for but they weren’t fine for me.
Scope was shipped fast. Great scope for the money,really clear, sighted in rife great crystal clear lenses, able to clear for eye easily.would buy again if needed. Gave it 5 stars.
I've always wanted to own my own bosu ball after using them at gyms over the years. Now i have my own, easy to Intlnflate and set up.
My 10 year old loves them. Had to get him a toe guard and I will be replacing the stoppers
These work great. My knees were very sore after starting crossfit, and now these sleeves relieve a lot of the stress on my knees during a workout. The size guide worked well for me. For the price, the ruggedness and and quality seem pretty good. Also, they do not smell after several workouts, and are easily washable.
Great racquet for this price. I have used it twice so far and it feels very comfortable and light. Perfect for restarting an old hobby.
My daughter love her new goggles. Cool design. Fits great. Quality materials. Should last a long time.
My 20 year old nephew loved the hat so much that I ordered 2 more for my son-in-laws!
Very solid pullup bar. It doesn't move at all when I'm using it. I bolted it directly to the studs in our unfinished basement without any problem.
