A sleek Fitbit with current features that make it the most advanced model yet. Sports a large screen with a trim build. Easy to use and comfortable. Alexa is built in to search, set reminders, track fitness metrics, more. Compatible with many music apps. 6-day battery life. Pricey. Issues with some apps have been reported. A bit of a learning curve	Fitbit is still the king of fitness trackers — and the Versa 2 has made them a contender in the smartwatch market, too. The Versa 2 has Amazon’s Alexa built-in, so you can use voice control or ask it for personalized updates. It competes with the Apple Watch for half the price. Some fitness features require paid subscription to Fitbit Premium. Water-resistant, not waterproof
This exceedingly popular belt is perfect for those wanting a high-quality product with excessive storage space. Zipper-less design allows for easy access to belongings. Belt features 1 continuous pocket with multiple openings for ample storage space. Key fob located inside belt. Can be difficult to find the right size. Tends to move around during jumps	This exceedingly popular running belt showcases supreme comfort alongside effective storage. The belt works as one continuous pocket with multiple openings for extra storage. Logo is reflective for night running. No-bounce design. Includes interior key fob. Correct sizing can be difficult to find. Logo can come off during washing
You can use this convertible vinyl purse as a tote, or attach the cross-body strap for a hands-free messenger bag option. Clear bag made of 0.4-millimeter vinyl with top zipper and canvas-style flap. Stadium approved. Thick and durable, but not inflexible. Reinforced nylon handles. Measures 12 x 12 x 6 inches. Holds items such as a water bottle, keys, cell phone, hat, sunglasses, and more. Removable cross-body strap adjusts from 30 to 60 inches. Choice of color. Can even fit a full size football in for autographs. Holds iPad or tablet. Plastic may crack, especially in colder temperatures	This roomy and clear tote bag is perfect for sporting events or travel to hold everything you need and to wear with comfort. 12-by-12-by-6-inch dimensions. Has 2 regular straps plus longer one to make it work as a cross body, making this an easy bag to carry. Large enough to fit even an NFL football, convenient for games to collect autographs. Seamless design prevents rips and has thick, durable plastic. NFL and PGA stadium approved. This bag has no inside pocket
Your best option if you're in the market for an extra-large umbrella to shield you against sun, wind and rain. Available in 62" and 68" sizes. Ergonomic handle with quick-release button. Made of water-resistant micro-weave fabric. Lightweight and mold resistant. Dries quickly. Provides SPF 50. Steel frame holds up well against strong winds. 13 color choices. There have been a few complaints of the umbrella's ribs breaking	Versatile, quality umbrella with a fan following. As well as a wind diverting double canopy and fiberglass ribs and tips, this is also exceptionally water resistant, quick drying, and mold resistant. Comes in a range of sizes, from 54" to 68", which is big enough for 3 people. These are huge umbrellas and the larger size can be cumbersome, especially when getting in and out of vehicles
A high-quality, well-made set from a reputable brand ideal for toddlers and young kids. Consumers appreciate the quality construction and durability. Easy to assembly. We love that its ability to adjust means it works for about ages 2-7. Base includes two built-in drink holders. Sometimes the unit slips during play and the height needs readjusted	Active little ones will love this adjustable basketball hoop. With a surprisingly sturdy construction and adjustable height, this option suits a variety of ages. Generous height adjustment allows kids from 2 to 8 years old to practice their dunking skills. Features a high quality, extra wide backboard, breakaway rim, and woven net. Base comes with 2 drink holders so there's no need for the action to stop when it's time to hydrate. Strong and sturdy. Easy to assemble. Included basketball feels somewhat flimsy
Experienced campers looking to make their experience more comfortable with a lot of inside space with love this tent. Can easily fit a queen-sized air mattress and leave plenty of extra space for other gear. Several adults can use this tent comfortably, or a large family. Tall height in the middle. Tent has specially angled windows that let in light and do a great job of keeping out leaks in the rain. Comes in both 6 and 8 man size. Set up on this tent will be a little more complicated than other options on the market	A spacious, well-built tent that will keep you dry and warm on even the coldest nights. Durable and waterproof. Easy to set up. Lightweight. Fits up to 3 queen size air mattresses. Rain fly included. Hinged door with Velcro closure. Most adults can stand up comfortably inside. Some have complained that it is not well ventilated
Inverted seam technology helps prevent leaks, and welded floors help keep water out. Easy to pitch in just minutes. Easily set this tent up in no time with pre-installed, continuous poles. Outer material is durable. Inverted protected seams keep you dry. Large windows provide adequate ventilation. The 7' by 7' foot area is spacious enough for 3 people. Wall storage pockets help keep your gadgets off the floor. The floor could be thicker for better insulation	A lightweight tent from a trusted company for a budget price. Serious campers might require a more rugged tent. Quality at an affordable price. Easy to pitch. 52 inches of standing room. Doesn't function well in heavy rain. The floor area is less spacious than that of some competitors
Absolutely no need to choose between a stove and a grill when both are built into one efficient unit. Built-in panels keep stove protected from high winds. Food and water both heat quickly. Portable. Great for camping. Can purchase a griddle to go with the unit. Users love how easy it is to use and clean, especially if lining with foil first. Does not have a push-button start and requires a match to light. Some users feel the knobs stick out too far	This perfect camping companion comes in a convenient carrying case. Uses high-quality steel to keep it rustproof. Compact but still offers 130 sq. in. of grilling space. 20,000 Btu of grilling power. Fold-away Wind Block panels help to keep the flame protected from the elements. 2-in-1 design that can be used as a stove or a grill. The 2 burners are adjustable, but customers say that the flames are basically only high or low
A fully adjustable, heavy-duty workout bench designed for a wide variety of free-weight exercises. Constructed with commercial quality steel that can support up to 480 lb. There is a 30 yr. warranty on the frame. The adjustable bench features 6 different positions that help maintain a correct stable posture for safe and proper lifting. Easily stowed. You might need a brief adjustment period to get used to the feel of the equipment	One of the best workout benches available, and an affordable foundation for numerous workout possibilities. A sturdy bench that's built to last. Provides decent workouts w/6 positions and up to 90-degree incline. 30-year frame warranty. It's heavy, and assembly is challenging. It doesn't incline to a flat position, which may eliminate some exercises
Upright bike with a small footprint, ideal for those who regularly attend spin classes. Rugged build, vivid screen with goal-tracking and app access, 20 resistance levels, built-in USB port and speaker. Easy to assemble and adjust, and not as heavy as other high-end models. Some owners wish that the seat weren't made of plastic	Affordable option for a high-end bike from an industry leader. Offers 20 levels of computer-controlled resistance and 22 preset programs. Features 2 LCD screens for in-depth progress and goal tracking. MP3 connectivity and USB charging port with a device ledge. Not a major price difference from the 270 model
Half the price of other squat racks without sacrificing quality. Steel construction and 3-step powder coat for superior durability and safety. Issues with CAP's customer service	This budget-priced half rack is a good fit for small spaces and beginners. However, the low weight capacity can be limiting if your primary passion is weightlifting. Very affordable. Adjustable bar catches can be used for a variety of lifts. Overhead pull-up bar is made of high-quality tubular stainless steel for added stability. Powder-coated finish resists corrosion. Compact design doesn’t require much space. Easy to assemble. Maximum weight capacity is only 300 pounds
Surpasses the competitors in every way: comfort, stability, and support. You won't find a pair that has more to offer. Made of leather for long wear. Stretchable fabric makes them easy to remove. Thick rubber padding helps prevent blistering. When new, they have a strong chemical smell, but this goes away over time
Choose this soccer ball if you want one that stands out for its looks and is easy to play with; but you may want to check out some of its competitors on our list if you need a ball for serious competition. A good choice for youths and entry-level players, as those who enjoy playing a friendly game of soccer rave about its vibrant, neon color. Mid-level price. sizes 3, 4, and 5. Like many in its class, it arrives deflated. May not hold up to pro-level play, as it needs to be inflated frequently and the seams are prone to breakage
The i4 Goggle is highly customizable, comfortable, and sturdy, making this a premium paintball mask that professionals and newcomers alike will appreciate. Lightweight. Easily adjusts for custom fit. Design whisks sweat from wearer’s face. Comfortable foam ear protection. Wide range of vision. Anti-fog thermal lens. Many colors available. While the i4 is a comfortable and well-protected paintball mask, it is one of the pricier models out there
The Garmin Vivosmart HR does fitness and heart rate tracking just about as well as the Fitbit Charge HR while adding smartphone alerts, too, all in a compact package. All-day heart rate and fitness tracking. Always-on touchscreen. Can get smartphone notifications. Shower and swim-friendly. Bulky design. Its Garmin Connect mobile app isn't as refined as apps from Fitbit or Jawbone. No smart coaching or personalized feedback
Simple trigger-style design at a mid-range price. Users love the easy operation. Pistol grip design makes it simple to point at the object you want to measure. Just pull the trigger and the speed reading comes up on the large LCD display quickly. Recommended for ball sports and vehicles. At 19 ounces, it's not as small and lightweight as others
A bevy of features and a efficient fan make this recumbent bike a pleasure to exercise with. The back of the bike seat is ventilated to help with air circulation and enhance rider comfort. A convenient drink holder makes hydrating simple. The bike's durable construction is backed by a solid warranty. Speakers are not the greatest quality and the control panel may be a bit complicated for some
Nice cold weather batting glove option that's designed to reduce sting. Includes extra padding to absorb impact and reduce sting of mishits, especially in cold weather. Padding doesn't inhibit ability to move the hands easily, though. Good softness throughout glove. Able to pick among 6 different color combinations and 9 different sizes. Some longevity issues. may not last through the entire season
A solid all-terrain kart for younger kids. Works equally well on asphalt and grass. We love that its short charging time means it can be driven often, and it holds a charge for hours. Forty-minute battery, max speed of nine miles per hour, eight-inch rubber tires. Bucket seat with shoulder strap. Max weight of 120 pounds. Struggles to climb uphill. May require ongoing maintenance
Standard 12-inch Pilates ring with studio-quality construction, well-liked by advanced practitioners. Dual-sided foam pads prevent the ring from slipping away from your body. Offers an ample amount of resistance for more intense sessions. Available in three fun colors to match other home gym accessories. Somewhat more stiff than other options, which not all practitioners seem to like
This grilling tripod makes cooking many foods over an open fire a lot easier. Grill diameter is a little larger than others on the market. Sturdy chain allows you to raise or lower grill to the needed height. Can also hold your lantern. Made from steel. Lightweight, but just as sturdy as cast iron tripods. The grill is free swinging, allowing food and pots to be less secure than those hung straight from a chain
For beginning and casual skaters, these attractive and comfortable skates fit the bill, but they won't hold up to more advanced skating. Fits wide feet without pinching. Skate size corresponds to industry shoe sizes. Fits beginners comfortably, with cozy fleece lining. Blades hold their edge well for more than one skate session. Laces are too short to properly lace up the boot. Blades must be sharpened prior to first use. Adult sizes run a bit large. Not good for more advanced skaters
The best single duck call that blends a combination of high-quality construction and accurate sound production. Uses a triple reed design to improve the accuracy, volume, and clarity of the call. Capable of producing lower tones and high pitches for different types of birds. Easy to blow. Great for beginners. Duck call can freeze up in colder, freezing temperatures
Specifically designed for CrossFit workouts, this jump rope scores well for its unparalleled speed and durability. Ergonomic handles. Unique quadruple ball-bearing system offers smooth rotation. Lightweight coated steel cable for fast-paced workouts. Great for double, and even triple unders. Comes with 2 extra-long cables. Easily adjustable to any height. Available in a variety of colors. Includes spare hardware and carry bag. Nylon resin handles get slippery during intensely sweaty workouts
A tiny but effective pump that boasts up to 210 psi and pumps on both stroke directions. Though it takes several strokes to completely fill tires, its ability to pump in both directions is useful, and it has a readable gauge. Customers praise this pump for its solid construction and the company’s excellent customer service. The one-year warranty offers peace of mind. It takes several strokes to inflate tires, and the gauge struggles to read below 30 psi
High-quality reel aimed at catching large game fish. Great reel for saltwater fishing. All-metal design for excellent durability. Drag is both powerful and smooth. Very good gear ratio of 6.2 to 1. Design prevents any slippage in the line. Excellent price for the performance. Potentially some binding in line after several uses. Clunky feel when trying to cast long distances
Decent performance for the money on these adjustable skates, which can be used for either kids or women. These roller blades can adjust to fit. Great for girls in women's sizes who are still growing. Decent quality for the price. Nice wheels and a good look on this skate make for an excellent value. Users seem to have some problems with the shoe inserts. It does not adjust like the rest of the skate
It's hard to match this kettlebell's performance for the price, making it the best value for your money. The CAP's solid cast iron construction holds up well to repeated use. Very affordable. Handle is a bit narrow for larger hands
Not your typical aqua gloves. This form-fitting pair is designed to increase the intensity of the swim routine while still allowing for finger dexterity. Excellent for surfing, scuba diving, snorkeling, and underwater photography. Flexible material allows a range of movement. Power of strokes increased while swimming. Can create fingerless gloves if desired by cutting off the fingertips. Easy to remove – just blow into them like a balloon. Not insulated like some other gloves, so won't protect hands in cold water. Can be a challenge to put on without lubrication
A solid choice for outdoor brewing. Large 14-cup capacity and all the heat resistance of an enamel coating. Can deliver percolated and unfiltered "cowboy coffee" equally well. Designed primarily for outdoor use. not the best option for the kitchen. Some concerns about the durability and replacement of internal parts
Good price for a scope with plenty of nice features. Lens coating maximizes the transmission of light. Easy to change settings in the field with click dials. Waterproof, fog-proof, and rugged. Parallax -free viewing as close as 3 yards. Durable scope that will work well in the field over many hunting trips. May not mount properly to all rifles. Inexpensive parts can't quite match performance of more advanced models
Versatile collection of lacrosse balls that works for practice, recreational games, or competitive game play. Helpful for some practice drills to have multiple colors of balls available. Durable style of molded rubber ball that will stand up to repeated use. Has official size and weight to ensure they’ll be appropriate to use in all situations, including NCAA and NFHS leagues. Good option for those seeking a massage therapy tool. Ball doesn’t seem to work well for playing with dogs, who may destroy it with constant chewing
Versatile all-purpose boxing gloves with a tight fit design. Offer solid comfort in sparring and practice conditions. Made of premium leather. Great for training and various contact sport styles from shadowboxing to sparring or pad work. Offer excellent wrist stability. Build quality stands up to heavy use. Might be too tight around the knuckles for some users
Designed for the serious lifter, this bench comes with all the bells and whistles you could want. Comes with preacher curl and crunch handle attachments. Adjustable weight rack can act as bench press bar or squat rack. Comfortable foam backrest with flat, incline, or decline positions. U-shaped front leg stabilizer is designed to provide extra stability and safety. Suggested bench max is 180 pounds, so this isn't the bench for heavy lifters
Customers seeking a minimal belt with ultra-slim construction will appreciate this lightweight model. Comes in a variety of color options and styles. Large enough to hold most smartphones. Stays firmly in place with no-bounce construction. Waist strap is adjustable. Many plus-size customers had issues fitting into the adjustable belt. Zipper could operate more smoothly
Novel inside-out folding umbrella keeps water from dripping all over. C-shaped handle for hands-free use. Stands on own if closed. Cool colors, designs. Double UV protection. Some users report metal tips falling off. Company's logo imprinted too much
A step up from the single bar with multiple grip options. Supports up to 250 pounds with sturdy steel construction. Non-slip grips with thick padding provide comfort and safety. Users love the five different grip options for many different kinds of exercises. No installation required since it is braced over the door frame. Since it attaches over the door frame, not all door frames and moldings may work with it to keep it stable
A classic red 8.5" diameter kickball with a tacky surface for easier catching finds a good home in the yard or playground. Works great for all kinds of playground games at school or at home. Ball exterior resists wear. Plays well on many surfaces – cement or asphalt. Exterior resists punctures. Loses air over time – requires re-inflation
A great price for a sturdy mountain bike tire, but consider upgrading if you do a lot of off-roading. Features ultra durable steel bead construction. Good traction for trails and pavement. Fits most 26" bikes. Not ideal for off-roading. Some buyers received a tire different than the one pictured
If you can afford it, the $129.95 Aria Wi-Fi scale adds real-time weight tracking to Fitbit's fitness arsenal. Sleek and attractive, the Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi Smart Scale is easy to install. It also integrates well with Fitbit's powerful cloud-based fitness tools. $130 is a lot to pay for a scale. Support for third-party apps isn't as strong as for other devices
Traditional burlap sacks are both simple and effective. Classic burlap sacks are durable and can be reused for multiple races. Can also be repurposed for gardening or lawn work. Pack of 4. 23 x 40 inch bags ideal for kids and adults. Easily label or draw on bags with a marker. Burlap has a strong scent, air your sacks out before use
Whether you wear knee socks frequently or simply want a large variety to add to your wardrobe, this affordable set is a good choice. Value-priced knee socks that come in sets of eight pairs. Socks are made of stretchy, breathable material that provides a snug yet comfortable fit. Choose from a wide variety of solid colors and stylish patterns, as well as two size options. Material is thinner than that of pricier options, so they aren't the best for winter wear. It also tends to bunch up a bit around the toes
Extremely clear lens with a low cost. Good performance in low light before sunset and after dawn. Low price, great performance. Dusk & Dawn Brightness coating for best results in low-light conditions. Waterproof. Works well on a variety of guns and for different types of hunting. Easy to make adjustments in the field. Scope may fog up easily during humid conditions. Doesn't offer the quality of some pricier scopes
The original BOSU balance trainer is great for balance exercises. A great half-ball for a variety of balance exercises and workouts. This ball includes a workout DVD and a poster featuring 16 exercises. Measures 65 cm in diameter and comes in 5 color options. Some customers reported leaks in their balance trainers
A good skate at a good value price that looks good and offers a smooth ride. Good fit. Good looking. Easy to wear. Feel good. Arrive quickly. Built well. Works well for street skating. Nice shoe for the price. Skates break in nicely. Quality stitching. Makes skating fun. These inexpensive skates have some features, like the bearings, you may want to upgrade, but you can do that if needed
These versatile knee sleeves provide support whether you're squatting or running, allowing you to skip from strength training to cardio without missing a beat. Handcrafted from thick neoprene with reinforced stitching for added durability. Provides excellent stability, compression, and warmth without sacrificing comfort or flexibility. Snug and secure without pinching. Reduces the risk of injury, promotes circulation, and alleviates aches and pains throughout any workout. Comes with a 1 year warranty. High levels of heat retention can cause sweating. Some users found that the logo peeled off rather quickly
This tennis racket is perfect for players who want to generate a lot of power, but it may be too much for some people to handle. Sturdy aluminum frame that generates a lot of power while maintaining stability. Three different grip sizes. Stop Shock pads reduce vibration. Length gives you greater momentum. Oversized head. Available in four colors. This racket is larger, and it may be a little too heavy for some users
Fun tie-dye effect in 4 color options will make any kid excited to swim. Double strap in the back holds its place. Soft silicon gaskets and UVA- and UVB-protected lenses. Designed for kids ages 3 to 10. The one-piece design means loosening the straps each time to remove the goggles
An attractive Bluetooth beanie that produces nice sound once you figure out how to sync it. A wide variety of colors and designs means you're likely to find one to fit your style. Available in numerous patterns, colors, and style variations, including one with an attractive brim. Sound quality emitted by the built-in headphones is impressive for both music and calls. Warm and comfortable. battery life up to 6 hrs. Headphones can be removed to wash the hat. Can be challenging to sync, and the lack of detailed instructions could mean a call to customer service. Sizes run small
A quality wall-mounted bar that offers different grip positions. A solidly constructed bar that is easy to install. The padded grip is comfortable. Perfect for angled wide-grip pull-ups. 42 inches wide. Bolts are of low quality, so you may want to provide your own
