The Fitbit community, once you interact with real people, is really dope as well.	The sleep tracking kind of off but I like everything else about this watch.	The heart rate monitor is often wrong, along with a few other functions.	The new replacement is a little better, but still inaccurate.	The combo has been so helpful in keeping me motivated and aware of how much I'm actually moving and eating.	The Fitbit battery is
The Fitletic belt is water resistant, it stays in place even better, and is even more comfortable.	The other one I have it not nearly as comfortable as this one but it holds water.	The belt gets really soaked with sweat, though, and becomes heavy - maybe they could use a different, thinner material?	The first one I ordered was way too big, so I ordered another, two sizes smaller, and I'm happy with it.
The only thing I would want to add would be some pockets inside for smaller items.	The smell of these bags was really strong, but thankfully wore off after 5 days or so of airing out.	The 3 of us that used them thought they worked out really well.	The bags arrived on time, and I would definitely purchase this item again.	The bags are well constructed and zipper easily and hold lots of stuff.
The umbrella is pretty light which makes carrying it when not in use easy.	The double canopy in this umbrella just doesn’t really work that well.	The color is wonderful - everyone seems to have a black umbrella and no one will walk away with mine in this pretty burgundy color.	The handle is foam-like and comfortable enough, but I would have preferred a shaped handle with a higher-quality rubberized surface.	The handle is a
The setup felt like you're putting big lego blocks together, and I felt it could've been more sturdy.	The basketball had a hole in it and couldn't even be blown up with air.	My kids were disappointed that they couldn't play with this right away.	The build quality is alright, just your standard Step2 quality, if you own any of their products.	We have it set up in our living room, if you can believe
The second night, we were hit with a very severe thunderstorm, with heavy winds, that lasted about an hour.	The only way this would hold 8 people is if they were children.	The auto-roll screens and built in light are fun, though probably not truly necessary.	The item arrived very quickly, Haven't used it yet but it looks great.	The fly basically didn't do its job, and water dripped in from about 6 different places,
The poles are thick and sturdy, they withstood quite a bit a wind during a rain storm.	The rain shield attachment on top is much appreciated, keeps tent shadier as well.	The only bad thing is lack of ventilation with the rain fly on.	The disappointing part was that when the first good downpour hit, ALL the corners leaked at the seams and made puddles of water inside the tent.	We have used this tent
The grill looks like it made of aluminum or some kind of soft metal.	The few times that I have used it, were all favorable experiences.	The grill burner tray arrived with ding marks as seen in photos.	We used just over one can of fuel in 4 days.	The surface is not easy to wipe off, any food stain will stay put on the material.	The only thing, I had a little surprise when
The leg holder is included (though not pictured), and is not as uncomfortable as some reviews made me fear.	The only exercise i don't like doing on this is benching.	The “refurbished” bowflex bench turned out to be a generic model with far less weight capacity, heavy ware, incomplete, and without instructions.	The newer model just has more variations on angles, but they are not really needed.	The cushioning feels like quality and there is
The setup took me 2 hours, just as stated in prior reviews.	The only thing I am seeing with this one that I am not sure of is a knocking noise once in a while when in use.	The bike seems exactly as described however it came with a hard rubber seat not a padded seat.	The bike operates well with one exception, which I had seen in other reviews-one pedal loosens up with each
The triangular metal plates have two with a Cap logo and two without, so if you grab two with the logo first, don't think all four have the logo.	The time and cost to drill larger holes and get safety bars = get another rack if you have any desire to squat or bench with a safety pin.	The product comes with 4 triangle support plates that connect the bars together at the bottom.	The
These are high quality leather gloves with double durable stitching.	The easy of removing the gloves after a workout is even better.	The level of support is better than any other glove I have owned.	The padding is thick enough that I no longer have palm pain from heavy weight.	The gloves are still useable just can’t wrap as tight as before.	These gloves are very well made like all their other products and fits
The ball is not round as a regular ball.	The customer service was good though and they sent me a new one about a week after i complained.	The material is very bad quality, each ball only last about 4 hrs of use	The ball looks really nice, but needs to be pumped up with every use.	The ball lasted about two months of practice with my U16 team before one popped and another lopsided.
The Dye i4 is already a great mask and writing about a winning design over and over again is moot.	The only thing that i didn't like is that the shipping took about a week more than expected.	The difference between this mask and anything else is absurd.	The top of your head will be exposed, so I recomend buying a skull cap of some sorts, but this mask is the BEST.	The mask is
The only thing I don't like is that there is not an easy-to use stop watch function.	The heart rate monitor is surprisingly pretty accurate, which was a concern since I've had other brands that didn't work too well.	The reason I don't like this product its because it doesn't have a timer or a chronometer.	The only exception , is that it doesn't count gardening, which to me is very physical especially if you
The speed numbers on this Bushnell product are completely inaccurate, as confirmed by other "real" radar guns.	The unit works best when you have a clear view to a car approaching or going away such as down a long straight away.	The kids love using it at practice.	We are very disappointed in this product.	The unit can give erroneous readings when multiple cars are bunched together and moving at different speeds, however, this isn't
The display is not as fancy as some others, but we don't care about that.	The company was very good about sending out a repair man who found a part that had moved during shipment.	The lowest resistance level was higher than any resistance I have ever experienced on any other exercise cycle.	The cost thru Amazon was better than what we found locally, and we have a better product as well.	The only complaint
The Franklin decal came off on day 1, gloves are comfortable.	These have lasted longer than other "high quality" batting gloves I've purchased.	The Shok-Sorb pads on these are really good - nice gloves.	The material is great and will last at least a season, probably two.	The pads around the thumb and throughout the glove are the best that I have found on Amazon.	After about 10 hours worth of games, they're working out
My kids still have fun after several years of use.	The bottom-line is, this thing breaks down way too easily.	Our Gandson Loves it so much, it's hard to keep him off of it.	We purchased through Amaazon last December and it has been a great buy; no problems with charging, etc...as some have mentioned.	The only thing I'd have added was roll cage padding which i fixed with racing roll cage padding and zip
There is resistance, I just hope that continues.	The ring is lightweight yet it provides a good amount of resistance.	The guide on how to use the ring was not included.	There are so many things you can do with it.	It’s just very disappointing, and I don’t feel in good conscience that I could ever recommend this brand.	The exercises provided can be improved upon, but there are plenty of resources online and on
The biggest problem is that the holding mechanism that holds the chain as you move it up and down is too small, and doesn't allow you to move it very far.	The chain did not slide through the bracket without being manually fed through, and the hole on the metal chain attachment used to adjust the height wasn’t large enough.	Love this product, we take it camping and cook on this.	The rope inside of
The insides were already getting holes in them and now today, this happens.	We ended up getting a size 1 skate, which was a little big but very comfortable with thick socks.	The skates delivered were even smaller than advertised.	The fit could be slightly better though.	The shoe we asked for size 3, and it shows that way, but unfortunately it's for size 1 or 1,5.	Fleece would be a good aspect, however, skates
The first draw of breath thru this call and you know you have something special in your hands.	The Duck Commander guys are on top of their game.	The story about how this call came about is truly amazing.	The hubby is a big duck hunter...spends more time and money playing duck, duck, goose than I care to think about.	Love it Love it Love it love it good call sounds just like a duck
The price was perfect, so I would have no problem ordering this again.	The material is good, just a design flaw, id recommend going elsewhere from a more reputable company like Rogue or Fringe sports.	The best part of all is that you get additional set of rope with parts and storage bag.	The length is adjustable and easy, they give you two wires (ropes) and one set of handles.	The turn is absolutely fabulous,
The gauge on mine matches the pressure reading of another, much pricier, gauge.	The gauge is not super accurate, and if you need to add a lot of air you would be better served with a larger pump.	The pump looks nice but does not functionally work at all.	The pump works great, is compact and seems very well made.	The pressure gauge doesn't work - it never moves from zero.	The screws provided are
The cast is as nice as any spin caster I’ve used.	The only issue I had is that probably in the transportation the nob that covers the whole at one side of the reel got lost.	The reel is so tight, winds perfectly, and cast farther than any spinning reel I own.	The 3000 pairs nicely with a Battalion inshore with 15lb braid.	The bail return spring broke on the first day, then the spool
The sizes they come in are as follows; Small 12-1ABEC, Medium 2-5 ABEC 5, Large 6-9 ABEC 7.	These skates are ok, they cost less but I didn’t feel very stable in them.	The Rollerblade Adjustable Inline Skates by High Bounce are great for rollerblading.	The perfection solution for feet that grow fast.	These are great, I love these skates.	The left skate wheels seemed a little off, but other than that, I would recommend
The overall value of this kettlebell can't be overstated, as most 24kg bells are between 80-100 bucks without shipping, this is killer deal with a prime account.	The product arrived much more quickly than I thought it would, and it looks very nice.	The finish is nice and even, no painful parts when swinging this thing around.	The colors found on other products do not make them work better.	The kettlebell just plainly allows more
The gloves are super awesome, customer service was also amazing in helping when I had questions.	The only gripe I'd have with them is that as a medium, they are just slightly too tight.	The gloves are very easy to swim with, without the need to alter your stroke.	He was delighted with them, says they are very useful.	The photo shows a high gloss pair of gloves with the logo and Web address, the
The coffee pot was exactly as described and after using it, find it is good quality and just as we expected.	The ONLY reason I am keeping it is because I cannot find any other brand that makes a 14 cup percolator.	The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is that the stem is really flimsy aluminum.	The glass top, broke after only being used 5 times.	These people have not ever
The reticle is cockeyed about 2deg off center so the scope looks funny on the rifle with cockeyed tubes sticking up at odd degrees.	The scope rings will work with a regular style iron site allthough you will get glimpses of it.	These are very compact full of more feature then you can imagine.	The edges are a bit blurry at 7,8 & 9 power but that can be true of scopes costing much more.
The ball were as good as any I've used.	The package contained 2 packages with 6 balls in each.	These balls are solid, heavy and so far indestructible.	The lacrosse balls were just as advertised.	The balls start cracking after very little use ive had mine for about 3 practices and most of them have cracks in them and that should not happen.	He shredded these like styrofoam in 2.....other brands of lacrosse balls were
The most fast deliver, i have ever had, 2 days.	These gloves are gorgeous as far as gloves can be gorgeous.	These leather gloves are stitched with very high quality, cushion, and wrist protection.	The only thing is - I am not so sure if 12oz is right for me.	These are comfortable and able, worth every penny!	These gloves are extremely durable and will last many years with rugged use.	These gloves are well
The tools provided along with this is not enough to assemble...unless you have prior professional experience.	The bench might be great but after over an hour using these tools ive only gotten half way takes a good 10 minutes each bolt with these tools.	The preacher with bicep attachment really sets this apart from other benches on Amazon.	The tools they provide are pretty worthless; You'd be better off with your own wrench set.	The
The band is elastic, so it sits well and doesn't move around much.	The only drawback is that sometimes over stuff it and have had things fall out when pulling out other items.	The material stretches to fit any phone (I have a Nexus 5) and also holds keys and an ID with no issues.	The iPhone 6 Plus fits with no problem...plenty of room for it, keys, etc.	The SG3 is a fairly large
The color and pattern is exactly as described and just beautiful, I get many compliments on it.	The "C" handle is also very handy when fumbling around with a purse, bags or keys.	The day after I received it, it was raining pretty good.	The design I got was an added bonus.	The other reviews were very helpful.	Love the way it closes, really makes it better when you're getting in the car.	The original
The only doors I could conceive of this fitting are 32" wide doors with 3.25" trim or narrower, or steel-framed doors.. Will not fit any doorway narrower than 29".	The material looks sturdy, but it is useless if you cannot use it.	The handles are soft and comfortable and can be used in many positions that allow you to train different muscle groups.	The one thing to look out for is, as others have mentioned,
These balls seem good, although I don’t know how they will hold up long term.	The kids love them, plenty so no one is fighting for them.	These were terrible, they all went flat within 6 weeks of getting them!	These remind me of when I was a kid, bouncy, heavy-duty rubber balls perfect for a playground or backyard.	The balls come deflated so I did ended up spending part of Christmas day pumping up
The stock tires lasted about 300 miles before they were nearly bald, whereas these tires still have more than 50% tread after 600 miles.	The shop showed me tires with kevlar/aramid reinforcement, they were much more firm even stiff in comparison to these.	The other problem as other reviews have noted is that they are not made by Schwinn.	The original of road tires that came with my bike were horrible on the road.	The
The reviews that say its easy have to be out here by people with a vested interest in Fitbit.	The body fat sensor is also fairly inaccurate, weighing yourself multiple times in a row will yield different body fat % by as much as 6 points.	The software won't function as it goes into an endless loop of error messages.	The app is useless with setup and when using a PC, it was a little
The other teachers thought I had made them because they were such good quality.	The smell of these is awful like straight gasoline not sure why but all of them were like that.	The size is also pretty good - can be used by an average size adult.	The material they are made with helps with grip.	The bags reeked strongly of oil, or kerosene, or some kind of petroleum product.	These were just what
The top does not bind as some previous compression socks have done.	The only thing with these socks is that they’re not as tight as I thought they would be.	The design of these socks could have also considered ankle support and there isn’t any support there.	The material is not thin as some reviewers have posted.	The colors I requested, I received some of and some I didn’t.	The socks seem like great quality...the
The view is clear and so far it holds zero, but I would not put this on a 308, 30-30, 270, or 30-06. it will be kissing your eye...	Put this on top of my CZ 457 American .22 Mag rifle, and it's perfect!	Unless issues develop with it somehow, this was incredible bang for my buck for an old .22LR.	The dusk and dawn coating on this scope works very well.	Have always been
The quality is exactly what I would expect in a gym, not a consumer product.	The reviews made it sound like it's hard to air up, it took me 3 mins tops.	The DVD that comes with it looks like it was produced 10 years ago in SD and 4:3.	Just one warning, this equipment should not be used if you have impaired mobility or frequently trip or fall.	The hose is not long enough
Just a few other facts about them: -Although they are heavy, they feel ok when skating -Great skates for amateurs like me -The wheels are good for outdoors or indoors -I had to adjust the wheels a little bit, cause they were too loose for me.	These guys are a nice fit,but still a little quick for me, but, I am not giving up, I know I can do this.	The skates were a gift
The quality is spotless, I have never seen any other knee sleeves that are as good as these.	The support and comfort I get from a thicker, better quality sleeve like these is so much better than what you can find at your local big box store.	These have been great, was getting some knee pain during squats.	The fit is good, I went with a medium and they are not too tight.	These offer
The racket is too light for me, i think this racket fits better on a woman.	The grip is lasting well, I really have no complaints.	The racquet isn't too heavy and has held up for a year of light playing so far.	The only thing to be aware of is that this racket does not come with a bag/sleeve.	The racket have plenty of power, I have a Wilson profile si 2.7 newly strung
My daughter likes these, she swims 2-3 times per week, they fit good.	My son loved them... so did some other kid, cause they didn’t come home from camp.	These stayed on well, had great suction, no leakage, and are comfortable.	These fit her better and don't fall off when she dives in.	These goggles are great, however they are TYR kids size which fit 3-10 year olds, not youth, as advertised fitting 10+.	My
The shipping was pretty fast as well, arrived 5 days before it was expected.	The previous 2 hats had no problems like that.	The one with folding brim fit a little tighter, and therefore better.	Best pair of wireless headphones I've ever had, I was surprised with how good they sound.	The volume and track control is not perfect; I kind of wish they were separate buttons, just cause less confusion.	The original one was
The foam grips are terrible, I will cut them off and replace them with something else.	The pull up bar is well built, very sturdy, and has 4 positions that give you numerous exercise options.	The only thing I have an issue with I suggest getting stronger lag bolts.	The variety of positions that you can do pull ups make this bar a must have in a home gym and the grips are very nice.
