The room was clean and comfortable . walking distance to everything . It's about a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel tower and the arc de Triomphe . The bed was very comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The Continental breakfast was a joke . The location is the best . The hotel is very conveniently located . The water pressure in the shower was great . The staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful.
The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The room was clean and comfortable . walking distance to everything . The food was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . The breakfast was delicious . The concierge was very helpful . The view was beautiful . There is free Internet access in the lobby.
The pool was great . The food was good . The bed was very comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . great place to stay . the pool is beautiful . breakfast was fine . We were very happy with our stay . The room was small but clean . The staff was great.
Great place to stay . the pool was great . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The room was clean and comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . the pool and hot tub were great . We had a room with a balcony overlooking the pool . The view was beautiful . nice resort . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from San Marco square.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . breakfast was good . The bed was very comfortable . The bed was very comfortable . The service was excellent . breakfast was included . The concierge was very helpful . We had a one bedroom apartment . We ate at the hotel restaurant and the food was very good . service was impeccable.
Great location . The bed was very comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . great place to stay . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . The bed was comfortable and the shower was hot and powerful . There is free Internet access in the lobby . breakfast was good . comfortable beds.
Great place to stay . The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . breakfast was good . The food was good . the pool and hot tub were great . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . nice restaurant . breakfast was good . The hotel was very clean.
The room was clean and comfortable . the pool was great . The staff was very friendly and helpful . breakfast was good . The room was clean and comfortable . the pool is beautiful . The hotel is very close to the airport . The shuttle service was great . The food was delicious . The rooms are beautiful and spacious.
Breakfast was good . great place to stay . The room was clean and comfortable . The bed was very comfortable . The food was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . The Continental breakfast was a joke . The staff was very rude and Unhelpful . We ate at the hotel restaurant and the food was very good . The rooms are nice and clean.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . The food was good . breakfast was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square and the Rialto bridge . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square . The room was beautiful . breakfast was good . The concierge was very helpful . The location is perfect.
Walking distance to everything . The hotel is in a great location . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square and the Rialto bridge . breakfast was good . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . breakfast was included . The staff was very courteous and helpful . The room and bathroom were very clean . The TV was a flat screen.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . The food was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square and the Rialto bridge . The bed was very comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . The breakfast was delicious . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square . There is also a small restaurant on the ground floor . The rooms are beautiful and spacious . The hotel is beautifully decorated.
The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The bed was very comfortable . great place to stay . breakfast was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . There is free Internet access in the lobby . breakfast was included . nice restaurant . free Wi - Fi in the room worked well.
The room was clean and comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . breakfast was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square and the Rialto bridge . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The hotel is in a great location, close to everything . breakfast was fine . The concierge was very helpful . There was a Fridge and Microwave in the room . parking was easy and free.
Great place to stay . walking distance to everything . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The hotel is in a great location . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . breakfast was fine . The bathroom was small but clean . The room was small but clean . I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
The room was clean and comfortable . breakfast was good . The food was good . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square . The rooms are beautiful and spacious . breakfast was nice . service was impeccable . The food was delicious.
The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . This hotel is a real GEM . The room was clean and nicely decorated . breakfast was good . breakfast was good . The rooms are beautiful and spacious . The location is great . The hotel was very clean . The room was beautiful.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . great place to stay . The hotel is in a great location . The bed was very comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is right in the middle of everything . The rooms are small but clean . There was no hot water in the morning . The location is the best . The elevator was out of order.
The hotel is in a great location . The bed was very comfortable . The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . great location . We stayed in a one bedroom suite . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . The TV was a flat screen . The hotel is in a great location . The hotel is old, but clean.
Great place to stay . The bed was very comfortable . The food was good . The service was excellent . The bed was very comfortable . The TV was a flat screen . The bathroom was lovely . The service was excellent . The room was very small and the walls were paper thin . great location.
The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . walking distance to everything . The room was clean and comfortable . breakfast was good . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station . breakfast was fine . The room and bathroom were very clean . The staff spoke English and were very helpful . There is also a small restaurant on the ground floor.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . The room was clean and comfortable . the pool was great . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from St. mark's square and the Rialto bridge . walking distance to everything . the pool and hot tub were great . service was impeccable . The room was beautiful . The rooms are beautiful and spacious . The food was delicious.
Breakfast was good . The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . The food was good . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is very close to the airport . the pool and hot tub were great . The shuttle service was great . The food was good . The Continental breakfast was a joke.
Great place to stay . The room was clean and comfortable . The hotel is in a great location . The room was clean and comfortable . The staff was very friendly and helpful . We had a room with a balcony overlooking the pool . The view was beautiful . The food was delicious . We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights . The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from San Marco square.
The staff was very friendly and helpful . the pool was great . The rooms were clean and comfortable . We had a great time . The hotel is in a great location . the pool and hot tub were great . The grounds are beautiful and well maintained . service was impeccable . The grounds are very nice and well maintained . The hotel is in a great location, close to everything.
