My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and the breakfast is very good. The location is great, just a few minutes walk from the train station. We were able to walk to all the major attractions in Rome. We would definitely stay here again.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and the metro. We would definitely stay here again.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a room with a balcony and it was very quiet. We had a great view of the ocean and the pool area. The pool area was very nice and the staff was very helpful. We would definitely stay here again.
My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a great view of the ocean and the view of the ocean. The hotel is in a great location, right on the beach. We had a great time and would definitely stay there again. The only thing that we didn't like was that the pool was a bit small, but it was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. We had a great view of the city from our room. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great, right next to the subway and a short walk to the Metro. We would definitely stay here again.
We stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights in October. The hotel is very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The location is great, right in the heart of the city. We were able to walk to all the major attractions in the city. The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the metro station. We would definitely stay here again.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. We had a great view of the city from our room. The hotel is in a great location, close to the train station and a short walk to the metro. We had a great time and would definitely stay there again.
We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and had a great time. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was good. The hotel is in a great location and we were able to walk to all the main attractions in the city. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but it's not too far from the city centre. We would definitely stay there again.
We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and it was a great place to stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was good and the location is great. We were able to walk to all the major attractions in the city. The hotel is in a great location, close to the train station and a short walk to the metro. We would definitely stay there again.
My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in June. The location is great, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a room on the top floor and it was very quiet. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the train station. We would definitely stay here again.
The hotel is in a great location, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but it's only a couple of minutes walk from the train station. It's also very close to the tram stop. We would definitely stay here again.
We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and it was a great place to stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was very good. The hotel is in a great location, close to the train station and a short walk to the metro. We had a great time and would definitely stay there again.
We stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights and had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located in a great location, close to all the main attractions. We were able to walk to all the major attractions and the Metro. We had a great time and would definitely stay here again.
I've stayed at this hotel several times in the past year and it was a great experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was good. The location is great, close to the French Quarter, and a short walk to all the major attractions. I would definitely stay here again.
We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it was a great place to stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was very good. The location of the hotel is very good, close to the metro and bus stops. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a place to stay in Rome.
My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and comfortable, and the location was great. We were able to walk to all the major attractions in the city. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. We would definitely stay here again.
We stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights on a business trip. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, close to all the major attractions. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. We would definitely stay here again.
This hotel is a great value for the price. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a great view of the city from our room. The hotel is in a great location, close to the subway, and a couple of blocks from the subway. We had a great time and would definitely stay there again. The only downside was that the breakfast was not included in the price, but it was very good.
We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a great view of the city from our room. The hotel is in a great location, close to the train station and within walking distance of many attractions. We would definitely stay here again.
I stayed at this hotel for a business trip and it was a great place to stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small, but I didn't have any problems with noise. The location is great, right in the heart of the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good value hotel in a great location.
The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and the metro. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was very good. The hotel is in a great location, close to the Metro and the metro. We would definitely stay there again. The only downside is that the rooms are a little small, but we were very comfortable.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of many of the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city center, but there is a subway stop right across the street. I would definitely stay here again.
We stayed here for one night on our way to the airport. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. We had a great view of the city and the hotel was very quiet. We were able to walk to all the attractions and the shuttle to the airport. We were able to check in early and were able to check in early. The breakfast was good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a great view of the city and the hotel was very quiet. We were able to walk to all the major attractions. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a great location.
My husband and I stayed at the Roman Spa for the first time. We had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and comfortable, and the location is great. We were able to walk to all the major attractions and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a great time and would definitely return to this hotel.
