This is a great place to stay in Rome. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was very good. The location of the hotel is great, just a few minutes walk from the train station and a short walk to the Spanish Steps. It's a great place to stay if you want to be in the heart of the city. It's a great place to stay.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and a short walk to the metro. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but it's very close to the airport.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The pool area was very nice and the pool area was very nice. The only downside is that the pool area is a little small, but it's a nice place to relax and have a good night's sleep.
This hotel is in a great location, right on the beach. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, close to the beach and a short walk to the beach. If you are looking for a place to sleep, then this is the place for you. The only downside is that the rooms are a little on the small side, but it was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was very good and the staff was very friendly.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is located in a great location, close to the subway, and within walking distance of many of the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit out of the way, but it's a great place to stay.
The hotel is located in a very good location, close to the metro and the metro. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was very good. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but there is a bus stop right outside the front door.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, right in the heart of the city. It's only a few minutes walk from the metro station, so it's not too far from the city centre. The hotel is in a great location and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good and the staff were very friendly and helpful.
This hotel is in a great location and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit small but very clean and comfortable. The hotel is in a great location and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that it is a bit of a walk to the Spanish Steps and there are a lot of good restaurants nearby. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but it's not too far from the city centre.
The hotel is in a great location and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The breakfast is very good and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and bus stops. The only downside is that the rooms are a little on the small side, but that's to be expected in a hotel. The breakfast was good and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bathroom was a good size. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is perfect, just a few minutes walk from the train station. The only downside is that the hotel is a little on the small side, but if you want to be in the heart of the city, this is the place to stay.
The hotel is in a great location, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the train station, and the tram stop is only a few minutes walk away. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city centre, but there are many good restaurants nearby.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and the metro. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The only downside was that the room was a bit small, but it was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very helpful.
This hotel is in a great location, close to all the main attractions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit out of the way of the city, but if you want to be in the heart of the city, this is a great place to stay.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was very good. The only negative is that the rooms are a little on the small side, but that's to be expected in a hotel. The location is great, close to all the major attractions and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet was excellent and the staff was very helpful.
The location of this hotel is very good, close to the metro and the main attractions. The rooms were clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and bus stops. If you are looking for a place to stay in Rome, this is the place to stay.
This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit out of the way, but it's only a short walk to the Spanish steps. The breakfast was very good and the staff were very helpful.
The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of all the major attractions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was very good. The hotel is in a great location, close to all the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a little far from the train station, but it is a short walk to the train station. The breakfast was very good and the staff was very helpful.
This hotel is a great value for the price. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel is located in a great location, close to the subway, and a short walk to the subway. It's also very close to the train station, so it's not a problem if you want to be in the heart of the city. It's a great place to stay.
This hotel is in a great location and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel is located right next to the train station and is a short walk to the subway. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city center, but it's easy to get to all the attractions. The only downside is that the breakfast is not included in the price.
This hotel is in a great location, close to everything. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small, but it was very clean. The location is perfect, right next to a subway stop and a short walk to the subway. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit out of the way of the city, but there is a bus stop right outside the front door.
The hotel is in a great location, close to the metro and the metro. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was very good. The hotel is in a great location, close to the Metro and the metro. The only downside is that the rooms are a little on the small side, but they are very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of many of the major attractions. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city center, but there is a subway stop right across the street. The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the city center, but there are many restaurants and shops nearby.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The breakfast was good and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, close to the airport and the airport shuttle bus stops right outside the front door. The only downside is that the hotel is a little on the small side, but there are plenty of good restaurants nearby.
This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The only downside was that the hotel is a bit out of the way, but it's a great place to stay. The only downside is that it is a bit of a walk to the beach, but it's a great place to relax and enjoy a drink.
The hotel is in a great location and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. It is a great place to stay if you want to be in the heart of the city. It's a short walk to the beach, and there are many restaurants and bars nearby. The only negative is that the pool is not heated, but it is a nice place to stay.
