We highly recommend the Hotel Navona in Rome. It’s centrally located, in the heart of ancient Rome, just a couple blocks from the Piazza Navona and the Pantheon (not to mention that it’s about a block away from one of the best espresso cafes in all of Rome). Also, public transportation to wherever you want to go is right around the corner. It's a very well-run hotel. The owners and staff were warm and welcoming, and also very helpful in sharing their thorough knowledge of the area. A special thank you to Cory, Patricia, Michele, and Farouk! CAUTION: There is only one Hotel Navona, not to be confused with hotels using similar names—to be safe, contact the hotel directly at www.hotelnavona.com. Our room was a Double Superior, which was spacious, clean, and very comfortable (not to mention quiet!). It was an excellent value for the money. The staff served a traditional Italian breakfast every morning (included in the room price). We really enjoyed the yogurt, rolls/croissants, coffee/cappuccinos, juice, and friendly service. If you’re not used to breakfast in Italy, please know that this one is quite good, without having to pay extra—contributing to the value of the hotel. (For reference, if you’re looking for a large American-style buffet breakfast, the larger hotels offer them for somewhere between $35 and $50 per person.) We were referred to Hotel Navona by a relative we totally trust, and now we would recommend it to our closest friends. Based on our positive experience, we fully intend to stay there on our next trip to Rome.
The Marriott Grand Flora in Rome is a beautiful hotel in a great location in Rome. The hotel staff was great! Hotel restaurant was very nice, but so many other fantastic restaurants in the area. I highly recommend this property if you're staying in Rome.
For my first trip to Key West we decided to stay at the Fairfield Inn and Suites - I was extremely disappointed in the rooms. I thought that they were exceptionally small. Our room was located near the elevator and we were kept awake most of the first night of our stay by everyone returning from the bar in the middle of the night. The next day we did relocate to a room along the back of the hotel - so our view was only of the parking lot but at least it was quiet. Pool area was great as was the breakfast but by Marriott standards - this was certaintly not a category 5 hotel. My next trip back to Key West in April was definitely not spent at the Fairfield.
Just returned from a wonderful time at The Grand Hotel. The hotel is kept so nice and clean. Everything is there for you - outdoor pool with towel service, indoor pool, game room, bar, coffee shop and pizzeria right in hotel. The rooms are very large with beautiful views of the ocean. The staff is wonderful - attentive, courteous and friendly. Patrick the General Manager is always available and visible should any problems arise. The housekeeping staff under the direction of Elizabeth is superb. Never did I have to ask for anything - everything was put in my room (towels, shampoo, etc.). The people that work the front desk (Nina, Cara, Levi, Denise, James, Matthew just to name a few) are so nice and quick. The location of the hotel is perfect - far enough away from all the noise of the boardwalk but close enough should you want to be within walking distance (15-20 minute walk). Also the hotel is right on the beach - what more could you ask for!!!! The Grand is Grand and there is no other place I would stay! !
Great hotel with very big rooms and an excellent location. If you stay anywhere in Montreal you want to stay in Old Montreal and Le Saint-Sulpice is an excellent choice. The staff was friendly, the room was very big with a separate bedroom, big bathroom and the hotel is in the middle of old Montreal. We would stay again.
Everything about the hotel we loved: the spacious rooms, wonderful location and the helpful staff. We stayed there for 4 nights. THE ROOM: Modern and spacious (positively huge since we just came from our tiny room in Paris). The room was well appointed with two double beds, big LCD TV (some English channels), huge bathroom with bidet, separate area for sink and tub w/shower, lots of desk space. We requested a quieter room and got room 219, it was fairly quiet. Our bathroom did have a view of the back of the El Triangle sign that faced Carrer de Pelai. THE LOCATION: A block from the Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. The train, subway and airport shuttle bus are all within a blocks walking distance. The shops of Eixample and Diaganol are a close stroll. Food and drink wise are abundantly close and of varying prices and quality. There are great places to eat at everywhere. We tried to avoid eating on Ramblas since we thought it was all touristy. There is a Co-op supermarket directly across the street from the hotel. From the hotel it was an easy walk to Gothic Quarter, Barceloneta Beach, Born District, Eixample shops. THE SERVICE: We had arrived at 9:30 in the morning and the staff were very helpful getting us the best possible room. We were surprised by a bottle of champagne in our room. The manager had sent It for our 10 year anniversary. We were always greeted warmly by staff. The location of the hotel made it close to everywhere. From experience, we've come to realize location is the key to a great vacationing experience. Hotel Regina certainly has that in spades. Literally steps from all the action, yet still a quiet night rest. We could easily drop off shopping or siesta in the afternoon yet still be in the thick of things once we were ready to go. The spacious room and great staff made this one of our best stays ever!
Just returned from a week in Barcelona staying at the hotel America.Loved the hotel especially the rooftop pool and terrace. Great place to chill after being out and about with the option to order food and drink to the terrace. The hotel was clean with modern decor. More of a boutique style hotel. The staff were nice, friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable with a free room safe which was a welcome find. The hotel had a small bar next to the reception which had a computer with free internet access. There was also a small gym(which provided water) and a sauna.Breakfast was great and although there was no restaurant this did not affect us as we were happy to eat out at the many restaurants within walking distance. Found some lovely seafood restaurants down at Port Olympic( a taxi ride away) which were extremely popular. Passage De Gracia was a 5 min walk away and it was about 15 min walk to the top of Ramblas.There was a subway one block from the hotel which was great if the feet needed a rest. An added bonus was the hotel's Smart car which you could have, for free, for 4 hours. We managed to borrow it hassle free and headed to a shopping outlet. The only cons were, the room had no drawers at all,there was no iron( ironing service available at a price), the air con occasionally became noisy which if you were a light sleeper was at times very annoying (you became too hot when it was switched off) and there was a bit of noise from the other guests returning at night. There were repairs to the roof terrace being carried out for 3 days, after we left, resulting in the pool area being closed. Thankfully this did not affect us as this was our haven for the duration of the holiday. The thing I noticed about Barcelona were the constant warnings about pick pockets, when you were sitting at restaurants and going into bars. Thankfully we had no encounters. All in all I would definitely return to hotel America and would recommend it.
The Aldrovandi Palace is luxury hotel abutting Villa Borghese. The service staff are friendly and helpful. While my husband attended business meetings, I toured the city, with much guidance from the concierge. The hourly shuttle to the Spanish Steps makes it easy to get to the heart of Rome and see all the sites you go to Rome to see. The magnificent Borghese Gallery is a short walk from the hotel. The room was lovely, comfortable and clean. The lobby bar is quite pleasant, as are its servers. Our meal at Baby was exquisite. The price for breakfast is admittedly steep, but that seems to be the norm at most top-notch hotels, including those in the United States. Taxis in Rome are expensive, but the shuttle helps allay that cost. Several in our group departed at the same early hour for the flight home so the hotel arranged for a mini-bus, which was there promptly at 6 a.m. and got us to the airport in plenty of time. All in all, staying at the Aldrovandi Palace made my husband's business trip seem less like work and made my Roman holiday very special.
It was our first time in Rome and we didn't know what to expect from a hotel there. The Cicerone was excellent--clean and modern. We had a comfortable room with a king sized bed and a nice sized and very clean bathroom. The hotel price included a full "all you can eat" buffet breakfast with American-style coffee!!!! Best of all is the hotel's location. It is within easy walking distance to the Vatican and the great shops and restaurants by the Spanish Steps. We also walked to the Colliseum and other City sites. We highly recommend the Cicerone if you are traveling to Rome. Don't forget to try the cappocinos!
I found the Hotel Colombina to be a wonderful experience. It was my first time in Venice and the city is just beautiful. I was just as impressed when I arrived at Hotel Colombina. The staff was so helpful and extremely pleasant. They were very informative about tours and restaurants to go to. The room was just lovely, very clean although small, it was tastefully decorated and had a lovely terrace. The breakfast was wonderful and elegantly served in the dining room. My whole experience with the hotel and the City of Venice was so enchanting and I would definitely go back again and I would definitely recommend and stay at the Hotel Colombina again.
The hotel has excellent location- close to train station (only few stops by tram or 10 min by taxi), close to all museums and all attractions you should visit in Amsterdam. If you like walking everything is within walking distance. The museums and art galleries are app 40 min walk (or 10 min tram if you dont want to walk that far), Heineken museum is just around the corner, Anne's Frank museum is 15 min by walk- honestly I couldnt imagine better location. The hotel itself is lovely- its off the main roads so its nice and quiet (we had really good sleep, not disturbed by any noise) and the rooms are simply charming. After stays in hotels that look the same, regardless where you are, its such a nice change as the room was lovely with more of personal touch. It wasnt very spacious, but its Amsterdam, you wouldnt expect lots of space, and the design of the room made up for lack of space. We had breakfast only one morning, and although its a bit pricey as other reviews mention, we were absolutely spoiled with choice. The selection was very impressive, much better in other Mercures. All members of staff vere excellent, very helpful and always there for you. There is simply nothing bad I could say about this hotel and our stay, everything was lovely, some things eg location, better than expected. Definately will book this hotel for next trip to Amsterdam:)
We stayed at the Hotel Giorgione for 4 nights last week. The rooms were clean and comfortable and nicely decorated. The bed linen and towels were changed every day. The breakfast was good with a good selection of hot and cold dishes, although the breakfast room staff were a bit dour. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. There was tea, coffee and biscuits served in the lounge every afternoon which was nice to come back to after being out all day. The hotel's location was excellent. It was in a quiet area with only a short walk to Rialto and St Marks Square, and very convenient for the vaporetto stops both at Fondamente Nuove and Ca'D'Oro. There was a nice courtyard which would be good to sit in and have breakfast in in summer time. The hotel also had a well-stocked bar. There were some very reasonably priced restaurants nearby. I would not hesitate to return to this hotel if I was in Venice again.
We went to Barcelona for a weekend and chose the U232 as it was not too expensive but still in a nice area. The hotel is 5 minutes walk fom the metro (Hospital Clinic) and you can be in the heart of Barcelona in less than 10 minutes. The room was clean and stylish, it was a good size with a huge and suprisingly comfortable double bed. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it was an extra €14 each per day. There are a couple of cafes towards the metro stop and we got good breakfasts for less that for both of us. The only other negative thing was that the bathroom towels were really hard, not just a bit short of fabric softener but like nearly doormat level. Still, the staff were pleasant and we left quite happy. I would go back.
We're just coming back from a wonderful 3-night stay in New Orleans. From the moment we checked in, we were warmly welcomed by the staff and by the terrific day manager, Stanley. He and the front desk staff made sure of our comfort the entire stay and it addressed us by our names the entire time, which made our stay very personable. We checked in very early and when we were not initially happy with our view, Stanley got us into another room in minutes. Stanley offered us a free upgrade to a larger room the next day when one was available, but we decided that we were perfectly fine where we were. Free breakfast was a nice start to our mornings in New Orleans and the Quality Inn's location cannot be beat! We were within a few blocks of Canal Street, St. Charles Ave and Bourbon Street (and the French Quarter). We were also literally 2 blocks from the streetcar stops for St. Charles Ave and Canal Street. We didn't have to rent a car at all during our stay... cabs to/from the airport, walking through the French Quarter and streetcar to Magazine Street and City Park. We could not have picked a better hotel (especially at the price). Highly recommended for the excellent and accomodating staff and great location!
My daughter and I traveled to Italy (Rome, Naples and Sorrento) and stayed at the Hotel Grifo during our Rome stay. We had read reviews of many hotels before selecting Hotel Grifo and I think this research helped us understand that our room would be smaller and the hotel a bit different from a US hotel. With that being said, we really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Grifo. The staff was extremely helpful in recommending restaurants and confirming our walking path for the day. The location is great for those wanting to walk or use the bus to many sites. As other reviews have stated, our room was small (including a very small shower) but it was always very clean and comfortable. We were even able to use the WiFi from our room. The breakfast was also small but for us it was a great start to the day (especially with the friendly breakfast attendant Angela). For us, Rome was all about the sightseeing and having a safe and comfortable home base where we could utilize the staff for directions and advice -- and we received all that in Hotel Grifo.
We chose the hotel Ca' Pisani for our honeymoon in Venice. The staff was very helpful with all of our questions, since it was our first time in Venice. We stayed in the Junior suite and wow, what a beautiful and modern room. The hotel is the first art deco hotel in Venice and just beautiful. The hotel is also in a perfect location...being just minutes away from San Marco square. Also, there are some great little restaurants and shops are all around. They offer the best breakfast in the mornings. Perfect location, friendly helpful staff, and beautiful hotel.... Thank you so much for everything!! !
My husband and I took a trip to Rome July 2010. After extensively researching hotels in the area we decided on the Hotel Adriano. First of all the hotel is in an excellent location! its within walking distance to Piazza Navona (our favorite piazza of all), a 10 minute walk to the Pantheon, 25 minute walk to the Vatican, and 15 minute walk to the Colloseum. The hotel itself is very nice and clean. Our room was small but I think all European hotels are. The room was very clean and well-kept. The bathroom was cute and up-to-date and actually pretty spacious. The hotel staff was fairly friendly and the concierge got us cabs swiftly and was there to offer advice on restaurants ,shopping, etc. The breakfast was good (ham, eggs, rolls, cheese, croissants, fruit, etc). We would usually wake up, eat a quick breakfast in their lovely breakfast room, and head out on our day of sightseeing. Overall this was a great hotel due to its location, breakfast, and clean comfortable rooms. I am planning on taking my parents with us to Rome on our next trip and will def stay at Hotel Adriano again.
My husband and I went to Chicago for our 30th wedding anniversary. He had stayed at the River Hotel for a conference and loved it so we decided to go together. There is nothing negative I can say. This hotel's location is perfect, right on the Chicago River, in easy walking distance to Lake Michigan, Magnificent Mile, Millenium Park, the Art Institute, the Symphony, fabulous restaurants, everything! The CTA from O'Hare lands you just a couple blocks from the hotel's door. Our room overlooked the Chicago River! Very European design in the rooms, small but modern, beautifully appointed. The service was perfect and the price, for some reason, is much better than many of the chain hotels in the area. They even have chilled water dispensers with empty water bottles on every floor. We used this feature constantly. I can't say enough about this perfect little boutique hotel. Even the architecture of the building is stunning!
Just returned from a wonderful visit to New York City. Stayed in the Murray Hill East Suites. We (two women, 4 girls ages 16, 12, 6 and 5) stayed in a one bedroom suite. We had plenty of room compared to other New York City hotels. The bedroom had two double beds and the sofa made into a queen sized bed. Like the other reviews found some of the furniture to be worn. Our room could have used new mattresses and bed spreads. The rest of the place was just fine. We didn't spend much time in room anyway. The location was great. It was quiet and in a great neighborhood. Grocer on corner. I'm sure he is going to miss us stopping in every day to purchase powdered donuts and chocolate milk. The kitchen was nice to have. Heated up left overs. Thought that the employees were extremely friendly and eager to help us with any questions or request that we had. We had a ball going to Grand Central Station to catch the subway. We got pretty good at it too. It was just a couple of blocks up the street. Scotty's diner around the corner has great food. We just had a great time. Can't wait to stay there again when we come back to NYC. Oh, we had a room on front of building and could see the Empire State Building.
I enjoyed my stay at the City Club. It's a small, intimate place with a lot of personality. Feels like a private club. The location is very central, close to Bryant Park, Grand Central and Times Square. The City Club is right next to the Algonquin, the Iroquois, the Sofitel and the Royalton. There is no ostentatious sign outside so it's easy to miss it. The lobby is very small and more like the entrance of an upscale residence. My room was on the 4th floor and the size was decent. It was very clean and perfectly decorated, with a very upscale, masculine feel. The bathroom was very classy both in size, design (black marble) and for the top quality amenities (Hermes and Bigelow). I especially loved the shower. The hotel was quiet with a limited number of rooms and guests. All in all, I can't complain about anything. The price - though relatively high - was quite acceptable by New York standards. Business hotel chains may offer large rooms, but they can hardly match the classy, intimate atmosphere of the City Club. Would definitely return to the City Club.
We just had 3 nights at the St Christpohe and loved it. This is our 3rd trip to Paris and this hotel and location was the best so far. Very close to place monge metro, market and shops. Walk to saint germaine, pantheon. Staff were really friendly and helpful. The room were ok size for Paris, a little dated but clean and a good bathroom. My only concern was that the rooms were a little hot - they do provide a fan though. When we were there it was nice weather but not all that hot, so I am not sure if we would have enjoyed our stay so much if it had have been over 25 degrees. Apart from that though it is a great hotel and you will struggle to find better value in Paris. We will be back!
Stayed at the wonderful four seasons for 3 nights for work and sightseeing. I've stayed at many different four seasons properties across the globe and this one is better than the average four seasons. The service is great. The front desk and lobby staff are super friendly and go out of their way to helpful. They made great restaurant recommendations (metropolitan grill was my fav) and assisted us in storing/refrigerating some food we purchased at nearby Pike market. The location is great - very close to the famous pike market and acquarium (great for kids). Seattle is a terrific walking city with lots of shopping choices and we found the four seasons to be a great home base to see everything. The room was very high quality and modern. Love the in mirror tv. Always appreciate the turn down service with complimentsry bottles of water. The housekeeping staff was invisible yet they always cleaned our room whenever we left the room, which is the way it should be. Had a nice view of the water from our room. Very nice room overall. The fitness center has pretty new equipment but not much choice. Nice views of the water from the treadmill. Pool was closed, outside only and pretty small. The spa was pleasant, and massage was good like most other four seasons spas. The locker room was a bit disappointing - small with a steam room but no sauna or whirlpool. Wifi Internet worked well but was expensive. Tv choices were great - even had nfl network. Had breakfast one morning and it was uneventful as the food was very average - you're better off walking to a nearby diner. Overall I would definitely recommend the four seasons Seattle to anyone traveling to Seattle for work or fun.
I stayed one night with an early morning flight. The free shuttle to the airport was great, and I was even able to enjoy the free breakfast before I left, as it started early. Apart from the free ride to the airport, my party used the shuttle to get us to the train into town, and we just had to call for a pickup when we were ready to come back. It was nice to be able to leave the car behind. Darryl the shuttle bus driver was very friendly and helpful, as were the front desk staff. Great value. Nice pool. Very comfortable and clean. Would definitely stay there again.
We stayed at Hotel Erwin for 4 nights at the end of September and overall enjoyed our stay. We booked the Premier Ocean View King room expecting our room to face the ocean, only to find it was on the side of the building so really only Partial Views (refer photo). If you look straight out from the room you do not see the beach, only the rooftops of nearby buildings but once you get out on the balcony and look to the left, you can see the ocean and beach quite clearly. Despite this we found the price we paid to be great value as the room was very modern and new (we were on the 5th floor I think) and the bed and pillows were unbelievably comfortable! In fact this alone made staying at the Erwin worth it! The High Rooftop Lounge you must check out. We initally made the mistake of just looking at it from the lift and it doesn't look like much from there. But walk down and you'll see great cozy lounge areas and fantastic views of the ocean, with Santa Monica and the city lights in the distance. The Hash restaurant was ok, a little overpriced and limited, and the inside section doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the renovation - a bit dated I would say. The outdoor tables though are much better as long as it's a nice day out there. We had breakfast there one morning which was great. As far as the location goes it is great for the beach, it also is quite close to LAX airport without being on the flight path. But we did spend a lot of money and time on transport to Hollywood and Disneyland etc. If we came back to Venice Beach Hotel Erwin is definitely where we would stay...
In August and December of this year, my mom, sister, & I stayed at the Roman Spa. Every year for the past 15 years we have met at the Roman Spa and enjoy a 3 night stay. We absolutely have a great time. Relaxing in the warm pool, enjoying the jets in the hot tubs, inside and out, and enjoying every minute of spa time. We always reserve a room with a kitchen so we can enjoy our meals outside on the patio. There are many reasons why we keep returning to stay at the Roman Spa. Beautiful plants and very clean grounds, hot coffee and cookies in the lobby every morning, squeaky clean pools, endless supply of towels, great maid service, and a massage/spa business a few feet away. We have everything we need. Yes, we wlll continue to return to the Roman Spa because they do spoil us rotten and we love it. Thank you Roman Spa for being a great place to stay. signed Karen
