The room was sufficient. The hotel is located 1 block from the Piazza Navona, the most beautiful piazza in all of Rome. The pantheon and the Piazza Navona are just a few minutes walk away. Although the shower was large, the room was definitely not. All the staff were very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was filling if nothing. You can't beat the location. It was very clean, perfectly situated (within walking distance of most sites). The water was hot. The staff, especially Mike!
The room was a bit small. The staff was helpful. The rooms are extremely comfortable, clean and well decorated. The hotel is within walking distance for everything especially the Spanish step and the Trevi fountain. Most of the food was cold. It is true that there is a Metro station across the street from the hotel. The breakfast buffet was fabulous. The Concierges were very helpful. The view was beautiful. There is free Internet in the room.
The pool area is fantastic. There is also a many franchise restaurants and grocery stores nearby. The bed was very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Had a great time! The pool area is fantastic. The breakfast was adequate. Thanks for helping us to enjoy our stay and have a great vacation. The room was small) -. The staff was really great and helpful.
Just wanted to say thank you to the grand and Christina at the front desk. I liked the indoor and outdoor pool area and the pool bar. The staff was friendly. The room was very clean. The rooms are nice. I liked the indoor and outdoor pool area and the pool bar. We had an ocean view room which you can still see the ocean and the Boardwalk from. The view of the ocean is beautiful. Nice hotels in ocean city are just too expensive! Being right on the Boardwalk in OC.
The staff was friendly. A Continental breakfast was included in our room. The bed was very comfortable! The bed was very comfortable! The service was horrible. The included Continental breakfast was also good. The concierge was great. Our room was huge, large living room with kitchenette, pull out couch. Otherwise, we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant. The service was not the service of a 4Star hotel.
The location is excellent. The bathroom was good sized. The rooms are small. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We had an excellent stay for a long weekend in Barcelona. Hop on hop off tour bus a block away. The toiletries were very good. Free Internet in the lounge area. Breakfast was good with sufficient range of offers. The beds were very comfortable.
We had a great stay here! The room was very clean. The staff were very friendly. The breakfast was great. There is a lovely Restaurant/Tapas bar next door to the hotel called Restaurante Mediteraneo. The pool and SpA on the roof looked good. The Metro station is near the hotel. There are lots of nice places nearby to eat. The breakfast was great. The hotel was clean and modern.
The room was delightful. The pool and gardens are wonderful. The staff were excellent, very helpful, friendly and polite. The breakfast is fantastic. The rooms are beautiful. The pool and gardens are wonderful. The hotel has a shuttle to the Spanish steps. The shuttle service is excellent. The restaurant is amazing. The rooms are beautiful.
The breakfast was great. I'm not sure of the price because it was included in the trip. The room was very clean. The bathroom was clean. There was a nice bar and restaurant in the hotel. The nearest train station to the hotel is Lepanto which is also around a 5 minute walk. The breakfast was plentiful and varied, but not terribly exciting. The front desk staff were very rude. Lunch one day in the hotel restaurant was great. The rooms are nice (great bathrooms).
The staff was very friendly and helpful. There are plenty of bars and restaurants nearby. The breakfast was excellent. The hotel is in a great location, just behind St. marks square and just a five minute walk from the Vaporetta station at S. marks. The room was beautiful. We could have taken the water taxi directly to the hotel's front door from the airport. The room was beautiful. The breakfast was good too. The staff are happy to recommend and make bookings. The location is perfect.
It is in a pretty and peaceful location, but within easy walking distance of restaurants. This hotel was excellent. It is a 2 minute walk to the nearest Tram stop. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is good - healthy and fresh with plenty of choice, but don't expect service with a smile. The staff were always friendly and helpful. We got a Tram from the central station and then a short walk to the hotel. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is good - healthy and fresh with plenty of choice, but don't expect service with a smile. The staff were always polite and helpful. The bathroom was clean and modern. The TV had a number of English speaking channels and the Mini-Bar well stocked and not hugely overpriced!!
The staff was very friendly and helpful. Some of the best cafes and restaurants are a few steps from the hotel. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the Rialto bridge and San Marcos square. The bathroom was very large with a bathtub and double SINKS. The room was classic. The breakfast was wonderful. There is a water bus stop close by. (there is a wonderful, repeat wonderful, restaurant just down the street and around a corner called La Vechia Cava.). The lobby and the patio are gorgeous. The hotel is decorated beautifully.
The room was very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful. The bathroom had a little wear and tear. Had a great stay and would use them again. We didn't get the breakfast. Great location and close to the Metro station. Free Internet/Computer in their small business center. Rate didn't include breakfast. The bar is nice. There is free Wifi.
The room was very clean and seem to be updated. ; the rooms were clean. The breakfast was extensive. Great location, walking distance to the French quarter. From the very first person to greet us, to all the front desk staff. Although we weren't in town long enough to use it, there is a subway restaurant connected to the hotel. The breakfast was average. The staff was friendly and very helpful in giving us directions to different places we wanted to visit. The rooms were very comfortable with a Fridge and Microwave. The parking was reasonable.
If you are just looking for a place to sleep, then this will do it. The location is also wonderful - very close to the Colosseum, and within walking distance to many of the top sites of Rome. The staff was very helpful. You can't go wrong staying at the hotel Grifo! The room was small. Should you wish to go around and see Rome, you can take the Metro which is few minutes walk from the hotel. The breakfast was okay. The showers are small but functional. The room was small. All in all we had a great stay at hotel Grifo.
The room was cleaned twice a day. The breakfast was excellent. We ate in the hotel's restaurant La Revista on our first night and had a very good meal. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The decor is good the rooms are spacious. Hotel is easily accessible, being only 100Metres from Zaterre on the water bus route from the airport. The rooms are beautifully decorated. The on - site restaurant La Revista offered a very nice breakfast buffet (the best we had in Europe). The staff have an excellent level of service and so friendly. The restaurants were fantastic, and just the type we asked for with respect to quality of food, cost and Ambience.
The room was clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was best placed for our stay in Rome. The rooms are contemporary and spacious for hotels in Rome. The breakfast was very good. The breakfast was good. The public areas are absolutely gorgeous. My fiance booked this hotel in room based on location and trip advisor reviews. The hotel was clean. The room was lovely - very modern and great value for money.
The staff was amazing. The price was right. Other than that, this hotel is highly recommended. The bed was Comfy. The rooms are small. The location is perfect; right across the street from the river, near Michigan Ave. between the magnificent mile and the loop. The rooms are small. The water bottle filling stations on each floor is also another great feature. The location is the best. Must use the cards in the elevator to get to your floor.
The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect! The bathroom was small. The room was huge. The staff was very friendly. The location is great. We had a one bedroom suite - huge, this place obviously used to be an apartment building. Close to Grand central station for the subway. There was only one small TV in the living room sitting on a cart. This is the perfect hotel for the New York experience, minus the Hussle and Bussle of the city. Yes the decor is quite dated.
It was great! The bed was very comfortable. They even bring you chocolate chip cookies with turn down service. The service was great! The bathroom was a treat. The TV was tucked away. The bathroom is my perfect bathroom. The best part of my stay was the service. You open the door. Great location - between 5th Avenue and times square.
The room was very small. The staff is very friendly and helpful. It is walking distance to the highlights of the Latin quarter but a few blocks away from the college crowd (a good thing). The rooms were clean. The breakfast was sparse in choices. The location was great, being close to the place Monge Metro station. Breakfast was served in the basement. The bathroom was clean. They spoke English. The bakery / cafe across the street was Yummy.
The staff was very helpful. The room was fabulous. And the pool was great. The hotel is perfectly located right next to the Pike place market with views over the water. The hotel was located across the street from an entrance to Pike place market and within walking distance of the major shops. The pool was a hit with the kids, as was the Brownie Sundae by the pool!! None match the level of service that the four seasons offers. The room was fabulous. The rooms are beautifully well appointed. The food was delicious.
The breakfast was good. The room was clean and comfortable, as were the beds. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. We ate dinner at the restaurant on site. The room was clean. The shuttle to and from the airport was on time. The pool and hot tub were fun for my son. They run constant shuttle service to the airport which is what you are looking for. The restaurant on-site provides good food at a reasonable price. The breakfast was the typical COMP.
A great place to stay in the middle of Venice Beach! The rooms are clean enough. The hotel Erwin delivers. The room was clean. The staff was nice. Go for the ocean view rooms. The rooftop lounge high has the most amazing views of the ocean and the city. The restaurant (lush) was amazing. If we came back to Venice Beach hotel Erwin is definitely where we would stay ... The location is good (very close to the beach and a Long-Ish walk to Santa Monica).
The staff was friendly and helpful. The pools well maintained. The rooms are clean and spacious. Thank you Roman SpA for being a great place to stay. It seems that the hotel is improving. The pools and hot tubs are fantastic. The grounds are very well maintained, with beautiful flowers, and waterfalls all throughout. Again, no service seems to be the Mantra at the Roman SpA. The grounds were nice. The location is great and allows walking to all Calistoga spas, restaurants, and shopping.
