It’s centrally located, in the heart of ancient Rome, just a couple blocks from the Piazza Navona and the Pantheon (not to mention that it’s about a block away from one of the best espresso cafes in all of Rome). There is only one Hotel Navona in Rome, Italy and we loved staying there. All around the Hotel Navona is an excellent choice for your visit to Rome! Hence, Hotel Navona is a perfect choice for a long weekend in Rome. It was conveniently located near Piazza Navona, which is within walking distance of all the major sites in Rome. I just returned from 5 wonderful nights in Rome and I would highly recommend the Hotel Navona to anyone looking for a good value in a great location. This being our first time to Rome, we were in the dark regarding where to stay and we were extremely fortunate to have found the Hotel Navona. We highly recommend the Hotel Navona in Rome.
The Marriott Grand Flora in Rome is a beautiful hotel in a great location in Rome. We stayed here using Marriott points for our last night in Rome. We found the Rome Marriott Grand Hotel Flora to be nearly perfect for us. We stayed at the Marriott Rome Flora for 3 nights in September. It was particularly nice to be able to use points since Rome hotel rooms are pricey and generally small - by contrast, the Marriott was very nice. It was our first trip to Rome, and being a Marriott guest in the US we knew we would be treated in the same quality...... and we not disappointed. After two stays I can remember nothing that could make me think of Marriott Roma when planning next stay in Rome. We would definately stay there again while visiting Rome, however our next trip will to return to Capri to stay at the JW Marriott.
While in Key West we prefer to stay at B&Bs near downtown, the Fairfield Inn & Suites is an acceptable alternative despite being more than two miles from Duval Street. We almost always stay at Marriott hotels and when we saw the Fairfield Inn and Suites in Key West was a category 5, we made a reservation for two nights. It has free parking (a big deal in Key West), an awesome pool, and the best free continental breakfast I've ever seen. For my first trip to Key West we decided to stay at the Fairfield Inn and Suites - I was extremely disappointed in the rooms. Very nice breakfast next to the pool. We recently visited Key West for a wedding and chose the Fairfield because it carries the Marriott name and had a great rate. The wife and I are fresh back from 3 days at the Fairfield inn Key West. All tourist attractions in Key West are a good 10 min drive from the Fairfield.
The Grand Hotel has always been my favorite hotel in Ocean City. The hotel was clean, the room was clean and we had a great view of the ocean. We had an ocean view room which you can still see the ocean and the boardwalk from. For Ocean City, I think The Grand is worth serious consideration. Thank you Grand for such a nice stay. Every room in the hotel has a view of the boardwalk and the ocean. Our room was clean and spacious with a great ocean view. The views of the ocean, boardwalk and bay were great (by the shape of the hotel it seems that all of the rooms would have a nice view).
The staff was friendly, the room was very big with a separate bedroom, big bathroom and the hotel is in the middle of old Montreal. Although we had a rainy weekend, our deluxe suite was very comfortable and inviting with a fireplace and balcony over looking Old Montreal. Le Saint Sulpice was a delightful stay in the heart of Old Montreal. Le Saint Sulpice is a small place but well located in the beautiful old part of Montreal. We recently returned from Montreal and wanted to share a wonderful experience at Le Saint Sulpice....comfortable and clean, elegant and attentive to detail. We will definitely stay at the Le Saint Sulpice on our next rip to Montreal. My husband and daughter (age 14) spent two nights at the Hotel St. Sulpice in Montreal. Montreal `grew' on us as a city and if we returned we would be delighted to stay at St Sulpice again.
Stayed twice at the Regina within the space of 10 days (pre and post cruise)and found its location at the top of the Ramblas and next to Catalunya Square to be excellent for shopping,buses,taxis and general sightseeing. This hotel was located right off of Las Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya which is right where you want to stay in Barcelona. We chose the Hotel Regina for its location a block from Placa Catalunya and the start of Las Ramblas. We stayed at the Hotel Regina for two nights after returning to Barcelona on our cruise ship. and Family... We have 4 nights of wonderful stay in Regina Hotel Barcelona just last week. In summary, we highly recommend the Hotel Regina for your next stay in Barcelona! So yes, nobody should go to Barcelona to hang out in hotel rooms anyways, so if you need a place to stay that is mid-range, I highly recommend the Regina! Next time I'm in Barcelona, I would rather stay on the nearby street Rambla de Catalunya as this is much more picturesque, still perfectly located and has several nice 4-star boutique hotels.
Just returned from a week in Barcelona staying at the hotel America.Loved the hotel especially the rooftop pool and terrace. Just returned from a 4nt stay at the Hotel America and having previously stayed off the Ramblas area I must say this was a far better experience of Barcelona. We particularly enjoyed the roof terrace and bar, with a nice view over Barcelona. We just stayed 4 nights in Hotel America at Barcelona and we truly enjoyed this fabulous hotel. Hotel America is not a bad choice if you're planning a trip to Barcelona. We had a short break in Barcelona and wanted a good hotel away from the Ramblas. I have just returned from my fourth visit to Hotel America in Barcelona, I would recommend this hotel for a relaxing short break. (Highly recommended) Barcelona is our favourite city and when we return, we will definitely consider staying at the Hotel America.
The main plus point of Aldrovandi Villa Borghese, in it's park setting 5 minutes Cab ride from The Spanish Steps, is it's staff. The hotel has a shuttle to the Spanish Steps, but I would hesitate to use the Aldrovandi as a base for a first trip to Rome. The hourly shuttle to the Spanish Steps makes it easy to get to the heart of Rome and see all the sites you go to Rome to see. The hotel is located on the far side of the Borghese gardens from the main centre of Rome i.e. Aldrovandi is a great hotel with all facilities in a residential part of Rome next to Borghese Park. Distance to Rome city centre is a 15 min walk through a lovely park. A taxi will cost you between 10 and 20 Euros from the centre of Rome. The shuttle service was great and being out of the wonderful but chaotic center of Rome was very relaxing as was staying in the midst of the beautiful Borghese Gardens.
As this was my fourth time in Rome, I can say with some authority that the Cicerone is well-situated in a safe area - within walking distance of many Rome attractions, including the Vatican. Stayed at the cicerone in rome for two nights between christmas and new year, it was great value with a large clean room close to the vatican. Just back from Rome stayed in the Cicerone I can't say enough about this hotel or it's staff.Was a bit apprehensive before I went after reading some of the reviews,but what a pleasant surprise,the room was spotlessly clean,and it was cleaned everyday with a change of both towels and linen daily.We had a room at the front and we were not kept awake any night also it was warm and comfortable and we had plenty of natural light through the large window.The staff could not be more helpful or pleasant.Will definitely stay there again if we return to Rome. Cicerone is within a short walking distance from Castle S. Angelo, The Vatican, and Piazza Novona. This was our second visit to Rome, and I found the Cicerone superior to all other hotels I've stayed at in Italy. My daughter and I spent 3 nights at the Cicerone Hotel while joining a tour group in Rome. The best point to the Cicerone is its location between the Vatican and shopping areas and the old city centre. I stayed in Hotel Cicerone with my Mum as we were told it was close to the Vatican.
I had been looking for a hotel in Venice that had a balcony overlooking the canal and the room I booked was not a disappointment. Had a great stay in Venice at the Hotel which was only a few minutes walk from St Marks Square. We spent two days in Venice at the Colombina Hotel in Venice last May and we had a fantastic time in a magical city. I cannot recommend the Hotel Colombina more highly and would never consider staying anywhere else when in Venice. We were very happy with our stay at the Colombina hotel and when we go back to Venice we will stay here again! All in all we would without hesitation recommend Venice and the Hotel Colombina for a fabulous break Just come back from the Colombina Hotel in Venice and thought I would let everyone know just what a great place the hotel is. My whole experience with the hotel and the City of Venice was so enchanting and I would definitely go back again and I would definitely recommend and stay at the Hotel Colombina again.
The hotel is located in a quiet side street just outside the main centre of Amsterdam. Small hotel on a small and quiet side street in Amsterdam. Situated in a very quiet residential street within easy walking distance of most of the major tourist sites in Central Amsterdam. Hard to find hotel though, when you arrive at airport, train to Amsterdam Central and then Tram 24 or 25. The hotel has excellent location- close to train station (only few stops by tram or 10 min by taxi), close to all museums and all attractions you should visit in Amsterdam. Always very clean and quiet, excellent breakfast. The location is ideal for exploring Amsterdam and there are tram links close by. Great choice, best location, very nice and quiet street.
The neighborhood is quiet but close to the Rialto area and a glorious walk to most tourist attractions in Venice. Just returned from Venice, found the hotel easily from the Vaporetti, we were able to walk to Rialto bridge, St Marks Square and the station easily, also enjoyed exploring the quieter 'streets' behind the hotel, real Venice. The hotel was as described in a quiet area but we found venice quite a quiet place after 11.00pm anyway. Having stayed in other hotels in venice, i HIGHLY recommend the Giorgione. I would highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay here on our next trip to Venice! Reception staff friendly.Gave out a map of Venice with Hotel phone no. Our room was a good size, especially for Venice, with good A/C and water, which is not always a given in Italy. A friend and I stayed at the Wonderful Hotel Giorgione in Venice during our 3-stop tour of Italy 2 years ago.
Location is great very close to the metro because of that to all the sites in Barcelona. This is a boutique style hotel in Barcelona , close to the Metro which gets you downtown in 10 to 15 minutes. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, the location was quiet yet accessible to all tourist sites and the metro, and the breakfast was very nice. Small but stylish room with a balcony and the hotel was only a block or so from the metro. Lots of cafes and restaurants within 5 minutes walking distance of the hotel, and the main city attractions are accessible within 20 minutes walk or via the metro system just a few minutes walk from the hotel. Excellent place to stay on a lovely trip to Barcelona. Good location...easy to get on metro and just a couple stops to all tourist areas. we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights if you want a room away from the road then ask to be on the back of the hotel very very quiet ,very helpful and speedy at reception, a 5 min walk from the metro station and a 15 min walk from the aerobus which costs about 5euros each to and from the airport or 25 to 30 euros in a taxi, we didnt eat at the hotel for breakfast turn right outside the hotel and 2 doors away is pans (a bit like subway) they sell bagettes for 3.50 euros and you can sit outside in the sun, we didnt walk to las ramblas but i should think its quite a distance on foot ,well situated for the metro to fc barcelona ,would definatly stay again
We will be down for the French Quarter Festival and Jazz Fest, and we will be staying at the best hotel in New Orleans, Quality Inn & Suites Downtown. New Orleans is an expensive place in and around the French Quarter for accommodation, meals and parking but if this is the area you want to see then there is no point in staying in the suburbs. It's about 4 blocks from Bourbon St. (far enough away so it's not noisy) and within an easy walk from some of the best restaurants in New Orleans. The hotel is located about 1 block from Bourbon Street and Canal Street in the downtown area next to the French Quarter. We recently visited New Orleans at for the French Quarter Fest in April and had a wonderful time and a great stay at the Quality Inn & Suites on O'keefe St. Short walk to French Quarters, convenient to trollies and visits to Garden district, riverfront mall and six block walk to the new WWII museum. The location of the hotel is not perfect (perfect would be inside the French Quarter), but it's very close - about 7-8 min walk to Bourbon Street and the rest of the French Quarter. When we needed directions to different places around New Orleans, Stanley was there! Easy walking distance to the french quarter/bourbon st area.
My daughter and I traveled to Italy (Rome, Naples and Sorrento) and stayed at the Hotel Grifo during our Rome stay. Hotel Grifo is a good hotel in a great location of Rome. This was my third time in Rome, but my first time in Hotel Grifo. Hotel Grifo was a nice, comfortable, clean & reasonably priced place to stay in Rome. When we return to Rome again, we will most certainly stay at the Hotel Grifo. We spent a week in Rome at the Grifo hotel! I would recommend this hotel to any one looking for a place to stay in Rome at any time. The staff are very friendly, but I will stay somewhere else next time I go to Rome,
It was truly atmospheric and, having stayed at the Danielli and Grand Canal opposite Harrys Bar on my previous visits to Venice, I can wholeheartedly recommend Ca Pisani as the hotel to stay in when in Venice. Would highly recommend it for people who like modern furnishings in a convenient location in Venice. The hotel is the first art deco hotel in Venice and just beautiful. The situation in Venice is outstanding: just behind the museum of "Accademia", very near from two vaporetto's stops: one one the grand canal, the other one on Zattere; and two minutes walking from the Accademia bridge, which allows two reach very easily any part of the city, and the must is that one can benefit of all these facilities living in a very quiet part of Venice, without the flow of the crowd. Just around the corner from the Accademia Bridge, this hotel is in great location for exploring Venice. The location was incredible, right next to the Accademia and the heart of Venice. When I next visit Venice, I will most definitely stay at Ca Pisani again. The famous hotels are really expensive, and this give you a great price (is also expensive, but is Venice, so....), for a design room.
I have stayed at Hotel Adriano everytime i stayed in Rome for now almost than 10 years, staying each time one week and i have loved it for its ideal central location in the center of Rome. The location of the hotel couldn't have been better - 20mins from the Vatican and 10mins from the Spanish Steps...this was very central for us on our first trip to Rome so we were within walking distance of most sites and places we wanted to visit. For a good value base in a fantastic central location well worth it ...when we return to Rome would go back to this hotel. THE LOCATION which could not be better walking distance to every major attraction in rome. I'd consider staying at the Adriano if I return to Rome due to the excellent location but would want to check out the room before checking in to make sure I know what I was getting. My wife and I just returned from a trip to Italy and we stayed at the Adriano in Rome. The hotel is within fairly easy walking distance to all the main attractions in Rome. Overall it was good value for money and when we return to Rome, we'll be staying at Hotel Adriano again.
While the rooms are small, we found it very clean and had a great view of the Chicago River (ask for this when booking). The small window offered a great view of the Chicago River. We had a few family members in Chicago for the weekend, so we booked a room at the River Hotel because of the location. Its located right by the Chicago river 1 block from the Magnificent Mile. I had a fine few of the Chicago River. It's right near Michigan Avenue and the Magnificent Mile and most of the rooms have great views of the Chicago River and its landmark buildings -- the upper floors give a view of the Lake. This hotel's location is perfect, right on the Chicago River, in easy walking distance to Lake Michigan, Magnificent Mile, Millenium Park, the Art Institute, the Symphony, fabulous restaurants, everything! We will always stay at the River Hotel when in Chicago.
It's a former apartment hotel, and my wife and I had a bedroom, living room, and kitchen. The Murray Hill East Suites is apartment living at it's best in NYC. On a quiet side street(for New York), close to Grand Central. a large living room a good sized kitchen and large bedroom with 2 double beds. We had 1 bedroom with 2 double beds, a sofa bed in the living room, full kitchen and dining area. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and our 1 bedroom apartment was spacious and clean. When we got to Murray Hill they offered us a two bedroom/two bathroom with sofa bed in living room so we could all go in together. Had a one bedroom (king) with small kitchen, dining area and living room with a great view of the Empire State building.
We loved the City Club Hotel and would definitely return the next time we're in NYC. City Club is a small boutique hotel in a great central location in midtown Manhattan. he City Club is the hotel for me next time I go to NYC. I just got back from NYC and 3 nights at the City Club. I recently stayed at the City Club in NYC. I stayed at the City Club for 2 nights while on a business trip. City Club is a great hotel in a great location. I've stayed at City Club Hotel before, and the location is excellent.
This hotel is close to the metro and it was super easy to get around Paris. A good location,at a great price for Paris that was clean, with a modern bathroom, and helpful, pleasant staff. All in all I would stay here again as the location is good, the rooms comfortable and clean and the price very good for Paris. )The location is excellent, right next to the Metro Place Monge and just a short trip into Paris.The area is full of restaurants and bars. Very close to Place Monge with its thrice weekly market and metro stop, the Saint Christophe is decidedly convenient for the Latin Quarter and central Paris. The room was small, but it is what we expected for a room in Paris. The location was ideal, as it is near two metro stops and also convenient to access most of Paris' center on foot. The room was very small, even by Paris standards, although the bed was comfortable.
The Four Seasons Seattle is very well located, across from the Art Museum, a block from the Pike Market, and near most downtown locations of interest. We just arrived back from a wonderful trip to Seattle at the Four Seasons, it is a beautiful hotel with a perfect location as we walked everywhere. The Four Seasons in Seattle is a beautiful hotel in a perfect location, but what sets it apart from other hotels is the magnificent staff. Our stay at the four seasons seattle was our first time staying here and we were not disappointed. Seattle has a few great hotels but none match the level of service that the Four Seasons offers. If we ever need to stay in a hotel in Seattle again,we would definitely stay at the Four Seasons. This is our third stay at the Four Seasons Seattle. Just spent a weekend at the Four Seasons in Seattle.
There is also a free shuttle to and from the airport which is 5 minutes from here. It is close to airport and has a free shuttle. Front desk staff were pleasant and friendly and the shuttle to and from the airport were quick and on time. Took about 10 minutes to get to the Airport via the Hotel's shuttle bus. It was great having the shuttle take us back and forth to the airport as well. We did use the shuttle to get us to the airport. The free shuttle to the airport was great, and I was even able to enjoy the free breakfast before I left, as it started early. The hotel has great beds, plenty of food for breakfast, and an efficient shuttle to the airport.
Stayed at the Erwin at Venice Beach for two nights with the room being great with a view over the beach. if you're looking for a fun, funky, friendly and fresh place to stay in Venice Beach then Hotel Erwin is the spot. Went to LA for business and stayed at the Hotel Erwin in Venice Beach for a change of pace from the hotels near the airport. Will definitely go back at the Erwin whenever I go back to Venice beach. If we came back to Venice Beach Hotel Erwin is definitely where we would stay... The Hotel Erwin is close to amazing dining in Venice, Santa Monica and Marina Del Ray. I would recommend a stay at the Erwin (for great access to Venice Beach), they do know how to look after you. I highly suggest the rooftop lounge because they have an amazing view of the Venice Beach, and the drinks were great.
We have stayed at several other places in Calistoga in the past, as we love the area - but after our first visit to Roman Spa many years ago, we never go anywhere else due to its excellent value, its lush garden-like landscaping and the three superb mineral water pools. The best thing about the Roman spa is the mineral pool and therapy spa. There are three mineral pools at Roman Spa; two with jets, and one that is a swimming pool. Roman Spa Hot Springs Resort in Calistoga is a wonderful place to relax for a short getaway. My friends and I have stayed in two other spas in Calistoga over the years, and since we discovered The Roman Spa Hot Springs Resort, we have looked no further. My huband and I just recently returned from a peaceful and relaxing extended weekend at the Roman Spa Hot Springs in Calistoga. this is in no way a spa or resort at all. When my mother told me we were going to the Roman Spa to soak in natural mineral tubs, I had no idea just how lovely it would be.
