The staff was very friendly and helpful especially Michael who seemed to live in the lobby. And the rooms were absolutely spotless. The rooms themself are not the biggest, but they are very clean, and have nice showers/toilets, a good size bed and the daily service is good. Breakfast is simple but nice & filling and keeps you going - Euro breakfast. The location of the hotel was superb.
The hotel is in a wonderful location on the Via Veneto. The staff was very friendly and attentive to requests. The hotel was very nicely appointed and was very clean throughout.
The entire hotel is very clean and neat and our room (a King studio) was lovely, nicely decorated, and bright. The free breakfast was excellent and a great bargin. The hotel itself was very attractive and the staff was welcoming and helpful.
The staff were very friendly and courteous. The hotel was clean, staff was very friendly and helpful. Nice oceanfront room with a gigantic balcony. Pool bar is great and food is good. Every room in the hotel has a view of the boardwalk and the ocean. It was very nicely located with a 24 hours cafe downstairs, 2 pools , 2 bars and some beach stores to shop in.
The staff were extremely friendly and always willing to help. We were very pleased with the hotel. The room was spacious and comfortable with a really luxurious bathroom. The restaurant has excellent food and service. I loved the location because we were a step a way from everything...we did so much walking. The rooms are beautifully decorated with dark wood accents and modern decor.
The location was excellent right next to Placa Catalunia. The room was nice and clean and big. Every member of staff, from reception to bar staff were extremely professional and helpful.
the hotel is a good choice for those who want to spend more times out for fun and shopping. The bedrooms are very clean and minimally furnished. Very helpful desk staff provided maps and excellent advice......Lovely terrace/rooftop bar. The restaurant serves breakfast only, but they do it very well with a great variety of food from cereal to smoked salmon.
The location is good if you want to be away from the crowds of central Rome in the summer. The room was lovely, comfortable and clean. All staff we encountered was warm, helpful and English-speaking. The breakfast buffet was simply amazing - abundant, varied and delicous food, beautifully presented and offered with gracious, attentive service.
Location great - we walked to all of the sites - the Vatican, Colosseum, Forum, ST Peters, etc. Staff were most helpfull and the attention to each request and question was efficient and most helpful. The rooms were very nice, clean, and comfortable; no complaints at all. The breakfast was pretty good as well.
The service was excellent and the staff was very eager to assist us. The rooms were kind of small, but cozy. The rooms were clean, well maintained, and a good size for a hotel in Venice. Breakfast was great and very well attended and included. The hotel is only a few steps walk from St Mark's Square and Rialto Bridge is only 5 minutes away.
The hotel looks nice and is very well located, most attractions are on walking distance. Staff spoke English well and they were very helpful. Small rooms typical of Amsterdam but spotlessly clean and well appointed. The beds are very comfortable with feather pillows and thick duvet. Hotel only does breakfast but this is fresh food, of excellent quality and variety and staff are very attentive and friendly.
The staff is very helpfull, and the lounge a nice place to stay for a while. Our room was quiet and overlooked a courtyard. It was a great location. The rooms were adequate size and nicely decorated.
Excellent place to stay on a lovely trip to Barcelona. It was modern and cean. It is in a great location for a great price and very clean. Rooms were very modern.
It is an older hotel but in very good condition with lots of charm & character. The staff was very accommodating and friendly and went above and beyond with everything. The rooms have all been clean and well equipped. The breakfast was presented very well, fresh and clean--the hot food was hot, the cold was cold.
The hotel is minutes away from tourist attractions, shopping and a great resturant down the street from the hotel. The staff at this hotel was extremely friendly, helpful and courteous from the minute we arrived handing us a map with great knowledge of the area to the moment of our departure. The room was very clean and of more than adequate size. Breakfast was good with a selection of cereal, bread, wonderful croissants and jams.
Excellent location, close to everything, yet slightly out of the crush of the tourist hubbub. The staff were wonderful and made all sorts of special arrangements for us that I know took them a tremendous amount of time. The room was modern, bathroom smaller than normal (but nothing to complain about) and everything was very clean. The restaurant serves excellent full breakfasts, and their lunch and dinner menus are good too, if you prefer to be alone.
The hotel is very elegant. The staff was very helpful and friendly and attended to our every need. The room was much larger than most European rooms, very clean. Breakfast each day was excellent with a variety of items served buffet style.
Its a very nice hotel in a great location. The entire staff was very helpful including the doorman. My room was clean and generally well kept by staff. Restaurant in hotel is good for breakfast but best avoided for lunch and dinner for its lackluster menu with inconsistent quality.
The location was excellent with a shop on the corner that sold everything and a Starbucks just around the corner. This hotel is well looked after and spotlessly clean. The apartments are a really good size and the bed was huge.
It's a very simple and small lobby to check-in, just adjacent to an excellent restaurant, but the rooms are elegant and dramatic! Loved the concept, the location and free wireless internet. The staff was friendly and,clearly do their best to accommodate their customers. The rooms are spacious and extremeley clean.
The staff were very welcoming and were always happy to help you with whatever was needed. The rooms were very nice and clean, the bathrooms were exceptionally clean and well equipped. Friendly staff, decent breakfast (baguettes, croissants, cereal, yogurts, etc).
The location is great - very close to the famous pike market and acquarium (great for kids). The front desk and lobby staff are super friendly and go out of their way to helpful. The room was very spacious and everything was very clean. The bathroom was great with a large soaking tub as well as a separate double headed shower. They offer a beautiful relaxation room with tea, snacks and water.
The Front Desk staff were polite and professional and answered all questions with ease. From the shuttle driver to the restaurant workers, the whole place was friendly and helpful. This is a very clean, very reasonably price, quiet, nonsmoking older hotel with lots of extras. The bed was so comfortable, with an ample supply of pillows, and I had a very restful nights sleep. The free breakfast is nice and there was a wide selection of different foods available.
Great place to stay in Venice. It was great. The hotel itself is in a great location.
The service was great, the atmosphere was wonderful, walking distance to all the shops and restaurants, the bed wasn't the best but we would stay at the Roman Spa again. Management and staff are friendly and efficient. The rooms are attractive - very clean and well equipped.
