The staff is very helpful and friendly.	Cheers, mate!	The Pantheon and the Piazza Navona are just a few minutes walk away.	The location is excellent.	The staff was geat!	I would stay there again.	The staff was very friendly and helpful especially Michael who seemed to live in the lobby.	It's a very well-run hotel.	The room was grungy and depressing, just generally worn down.	We highly recommend the Hotel Navona in Rome.	The
The location is great.	You can walk to the Spanish Steps.	Overall we were very pleased with our stay.	When in Rome, right?	I would definitely stay there again.	The view was amazing.	The room was clean and quiet.	The dinning terrace was closed when we were there.	The staff was helpful.	I would stay here again.	The rooms were very nice.	Disappointing service.	This Marriott was wonderful.	The hotel is next to the southern
The room was very clean.	This hotel is great.	We also very much enjoyed the pool.	Beautiful pool.	I am not impressed with this hotel at all.	The next day we did relocate to a room along the back of the hotel - so our view was only of the parking lot but at least it was quiet.	The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating.	Loved Key West!	Good location.	I would stay again.
I would stay here again.	This was a great hotel.	Other than that the Hotel is horrible.	Very nice hotel.	Nice oceanfront room with a gigantic balcony.	They have a nice beach.	the rooms were very nice.	It was so fraustrating!	I last stayed at The Grand in Aug of 2009.	Room was very clean.	The front desk staff were all helpful and very polite.	We will definitely be back.	We would definitely return!	The
A great hotel!	We would stay again.	The bathroom was very nice with a large bathtub and huge shower.	I absolutely love this hotel.	The service was HORRIBLE.	We were very pleased with this hotel.	Great location.	Great location in the midst of Old Montreal.	The decor was more contemporary than traditional.	We even had a kitchenette.	The location of the hotel was ideal for exploring the old section of Montreal.	I highly recommend staying
The room was clean.	The location is EXCELLENT.	Would definitely stay there again.	The staff was very helpful and attentative.	& soooo quiet.	The staff in the hotel are all very friendly and helpful.	There is a Corte Ingles walking distance.	We recommend this hotel.	The hotel is in a great area, very close to the Catalonia Ramblas.	Perfect location.	Thank you.	I can thoroughly recommend the hotel.	Stayed at the Hotel Regina in May
I would definitely stay here again.	This hotel is just great!	The staff were very friendly and helpful.	The hotel is good.	The room was comfortable and clean.	Would definately recommend this hotel.	king size bed, DVD player, HIFI cordless, etc.	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights.	Also a small but cosy terrace with swimmingpool.	I'd definitely recommend Hotel America!	The staff was friendly and very polite.	Although sunny we didn't brave the
The hotel was very nice.	as a base for Rome.	The pool attendants were very helpful indeed.	Highly recommended.	We absolutely loved our stay at Aldrovandi Villa Borghese.	The staff were very friendly and helpful.	However my husband and I found the location somewhat out of the way.	The pool was nice and clean but freezing.	Overall I would definitely recommend the hotel.	The hotel runs an hourly shuttle to the Piazza del Spagna.	The
You are near the Vatican and can walk to the northern tourist spots easily.	The location is very good.	We were not disappointed!	Great Job!	The location was great.	This hotel was very nice.	I would definitely stay here again!	Just got back from Rome!	Overall this hotel was great.	The Cicerone is what we found.	The rooms were a decent size.	is the BEST bartender I've ever seen.	The breakfast was good and plentiful.
The hotel was great!	Excelent Hotel.	The rooms are clean.	The staff was very friendly and helpful.	We loved our stay and can't wait to return.	We would definitely stay there again.	The room was not so big, but confortable.	We were not disappointed!	Highly recommended.	very nice and has a great breakfast.	The staff was very friendly and accommodating.	Proximity to San Marco is wonderful, and the real joy is navigating the lovely neighborhoods
Thank you Jesus.	GOOD SELECTION.	Good, clean room.	A very nice hotel.	What a great hotel.	The street is quiet.	If you like walking everything is within walking distance.	Would stay here again.	The staff were always friendly and helpful.	This hotel was excellent.	The beds are ex excellent.	The Mercure Arthur Frommer is located right on the edge of the City Center, making it an ideal hotel if you're in Amsterdam for work.	I
Would recommend this hotel.	A wonderful hotel!	Would definitely stay again.	The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the Rialto Bridge and San Marcos Square.	Location of the hotel is excellent, within walking distance of almost everything.	The breakfast was quite ordinary.	We stayed for 3 nights and had a wonderful experience.	The staff was very friendly and helpful.	And it was HOT.	It was a great location.	The location is quiet at
The staff are very helpful and friendly.	We love this hotel!	This really is an excellent hotel.	Still walked a ton but the metro is an absolute necessity.	Reasonable price.	Highly recommended.	In walking distance are a lot of restaurants, bars and clubs.	Would stay again here.	There is free wifi.	Would definitely recommend thi shotle.	hotel is located in very nice area.	Rooms were very modern.	The Hotel itself is spotless, and very swish.
The staff was very nice.	Your one block from Canal Street.	The location was great.	The hotel is very clean.	This hotel is great.	We would stay again.	There is a parking fee, but very reasonable.	Highly recommended.	Would definitely stay again!	The breakfast was very good.	But it is New Orleans.	The location of this hotel is excellent (far enough away from the partying but close enough to the partying!)	We have stayed at
The location was great.	Very clean.	(5min from the Colosseum!!)	Location wise, we were just minutes from the Colosseum and Ancient Rome.	It was a great hotel.	Would not recommend this hotel.	You just walk down the road to get to the Coloseum.	And also the breakfast was good.	The location is wonderful.	The room was small, but comfortable.	Nice roof terrace as well.	Overall we enjoyed our stay.	The room was TINY.	The staff
The staff were very helpful and friendly.	What a GEM!	It is in a great location.	It's also very quiet.	The rooms were very comfortable albeit designed for a business clientele.	The hotel is a ten minute walk from St. Mark's Square and in a very quiet neighborhood.	We loved our stay!	Overall - a nice hotel.	We found the design to be modern and tasteful.	We had a very nice stay at this hotel.
The location was great.	The staff was very friendly and helpful.	I would absolutely stay here again and recommend it to anyone going to Rome.	The hotel was great.	It´s within walking distance to the most famous sites in Rome.	We loved Hotel Adriano.	Staff was great.	The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly and helped call taxis or locate the correct bus route.	Good rooms, with big, clean bathrooms.	Overall this was a
I would stay here again.	The room was small but very managable..	The staff was very friendly and helpful.	The location was excellent.	We loved this hotel!	Gim opens 5AM-10 PM.	(One is the freight elevator.)	The beds were comfortable.	Small but clean rooms.	The room was phenomenal.	Lots of restaurants, shopping, sightseeing and Millenium Park close by.	The hotel is nice with a great staff.	Would definitely stay again.	The rooms were small, but
ha ha.)	We rented the one bedroom suite.	I would stay here again!	Close to penn station (10 min.	The location was great.	The kitchen was great, and featured a small fridge, oven and cook top, as well as utensils.	The location is really what makes this hotel great.	The staff were friendly and helpful.	very clean.	The room's decor was a bit outdated, but very clean and neat.	The room was quiet.	The Empire
I enjoyed my stay in this hotel.	The room was absolutely lovely!	Its off the beaten path of Times Square, but still walking distance.	It was great!	Recently stayed at the City Club for four nights.	The location is fantastic.	The staff were curteous.	Overall an excellent stay.	The hotel was beautiful.	The hotel is no where near the level of The Sunset Tower.	I love staying at this hotel.	Very clever TV setup.	I
We stayed for two nights at St Christophe and it is literally 100 metres from the Metro.	The room was very clean.	I would definitely stay there again.	The staff are very friendly and helpful.	The hotel itself is very small.	Great location.	This is a great little hotel just a few blocks from Notre Dame.	The pantheon is also only a ten minute walk away.	A good value hotel in a good area.	We
Thank you!	And the pool was great.	Views from the room are breathtaking.	We would definitely recommend the Four Seasons.	Overall it's a very nice hotel.	The food was great.	I highly recommend it.	The location of this hotel is great.	The rooms were beautiful.	Definitely would stay here again.	Lights are on dimmers in every room.	The room design was modern and clean.	The lobby was magnificent.. candles everywhere and an incredible fireplace with
The breakfast was ordinary.	Caught the shuttle to the airport.	Would definitely stay there again.	We don't!	The staff was very nice.	The bed was comfortable.	It was very good.	The continental breakfast was nice.	Hats off to the front desk.	This hotel ended up being really excellent.	It's about a 10 minute ride to the airport.	Great value.	I would stay here again!	He was forgiven!	The food was good.	Staff were polite and
I would definitely stay here again.	It was great.	Nice views though.	The rooftop bar HIGH was the icing on the cake.	There was no balcony.	The room is epic!	The staff is great.	The staff was extremely helpful and friendly.	All in all it was a great experience!	The rooftop bar had stunning views although only open Thurs to Sat at the moment.	We really enjoyed our stay at the Erwin.	Two thumbs up
The grounds were beautiful and very well maintained.	The rooms are clean and there are always hundreds of flowers blooming on the grounds of the hotel.	There was an outdoor pool and hot tub and an indoor pool.	The location is great.	See, it's been a rare treat to "leave Dodge" on a memorable afforadable get away.	We absolutely have a great time.	The pools are the best!!	I stayed at the Roman spa ths
