A friend and I stayed at the hotel this year for five nights and found it perfectly located for all of the places we wanted to visit. We loved the inside/outside stairway - it just added to the fun. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. We had to cancel our first planned visit due to a bereavement and the hotel immediately sent their condolences and offered to transfer our stay to a later date. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay somewhere with character and charm that'll put them on the doorstep of so many Roman wonders!
My husband and I stayed at the Grand Flora on our honeymoon. Though, we are American and maybe it was to be expected...the staff was incredible rude to us. Any question about restaurants, shopping, etc. was a complete bother to the front desk. I am a Marriott Gold Member and was refused a room upgrade...we had a lovely view of the side of a building and garbage dumpsters.
My husband and I stayed here in June 2011 on a vacation trip to Key West- and found we made an excellent choice from among the many options available! The entire hotel is very clean and neat and our room (a King studio) was lovely, nicely decorated, and bright. The bed was comfortable and the private balcony overlooking the pool a nice plus. Bathroom was more spacious than most hotels of this type, and tile floors throughout the room were a welcome change from difficult to keep clean carpeting we've encountered at other places. Service from the staff was truly outstanding and always friendly! Everyone we encountered went out of their way to make our stay pleasant and to offer suggestions on how to best enjoy Key West! The pool is lovely (actually as nice as pictured on the hotel website!) with lots of seating available and features a poolside tiki hut that serves a daily reasonably priced drink special along with its regular full bar menu. A poolside limited buffet breakfast was included each morning; food was fresh and menu included a couple of non-standard items along with the typical cereal, fruit, and make-it-yourself waffles. The hotel is located about 2 miles from the "downtown action"- but the ease of free parking onsite and sight-seeing trolley that stops there frequently make up for that small inconvenience. This is an entirely nonsmoking hotel- something my husband and I especially appreciated! One drawback for some might be the lack of elevator to the second floor rooms in some areas of the hotel. Although there is no restaurant onsite there are numerous restaurants in the area from which to choose.
We have stayed at the Grand Hotel for 6 years in a row. We love the ocean view. The place is clean and the rooms are very nice and big. The location is great because it is close to all the things my family likes to do at the beach. Phillips restaurant is only a half block away. Right across the street is a new Dairy Queen and Candy Kitchen. Miniature golf is only about a block away. And our favorite breakfast place, Happy Jacks, is only about 2 blocks away. We did notice this year that it is getting time for remodeling. A hotel of this type asking around $300 a night should try to stay fresh and new. (Hopefully the owners and managers read these reviews.) The furnishing are starting to look dated. They need to upgrade to flat screen TVs. The furniture, since it is laminate and not real wood, is really starting to show wear. The bar on the sliding door was broken and missing pieces. When my husband sat in one of the green plastic chairs on the balcony, it broke. They are getting weather worn and brittle and in need of replacing. We love the Grand Hotel. We recommend it to family and friends and will return next year!
Very beautiful hotel with huge and comfortable rooms (my room was composed by: bath, bedroom, little kitchen, hall with fireplace). The breakfast is served in a nice covered garden. I was here for a business trip and the convention center of the hotel was convenient. The hotel is situated in a strategic position in the old Montreal and near the city centre.
Sorry I am taking so long to review this hotel after my stay in March 2010. I will preface this review by saying that I live in Europe and have stayed in hundreds of hotels in the region. I'm accustomed to small rooms, and I think I'm a reasonable reviewer of hotels. I don't require top-notch luxury if I'm not paying a lot of money. But I have to say this was the worst room I've had in a highly rated TripAdvisor hotel and a terrible experience given the amount of money we spent for the room. After seeing other reviewers' photos, I see that perhaps my experience was unusual, but be warned that it could be you next time. Granted, we chose the least expensive room when booking, but even the least expensive room at this rate should have been better. My girlfriend and I checked in late and after waiting 15 minutes for the front desk employee to get off the phone, we were given a terribly small, dark, depressing, windowless room. I say windowless, but it actually did have a tiny high window that opened a little into a crawlspace/alley that was perpetually dark. The room itself was stark with the bed taking up almost the entire space. The bathroom was equally unimpressive. We asked immediately for a room change, but the front desk employee said that no others were available that night. He said he would switch the room in the following day or two. Every day we checked back, but to no avail. The only positive I can say about the hotel was that the entry way and common areas were nicely designed in a modern style. And it had a good location for touring. But we wanted nothing to do with the hotel and strived to be out as much as possible. I do not recommend that you choose this hotel.
I stayed at this hotel for a weekend with two of my friends. I liked the location as it is in close proximity to the Ramblas and two blocks away from Casa Mila. It is also around the corner of the Palacio Flamenco where we booked dinner and the show. The rooms were spotless with a full bar, three robes and enough towels. Beds were comfortable and sheets clean and fine and when window's closed, no noise coming from outside. Internet access and bar available anytime and breakfast was great! Staff weren't overly friendly but they were helpful when needed. I didn't find Catalonians being too friendly in general. They are quite reserved. The terrace has a pool and lounge chairs/sofas that is great for relaxing! Overall rating for this hotel with great value, I give it between 4 and 5 stars! I would stay there again and recommend it to others.
This is a lovely hotel about 25 minute walk to the Spanish steps. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Gorgeous bathroom although I felt the decor was slightly dated in the room. Lovely breakfast (continental and cooked) but it's a bit expensive if not included in the price - 33 euros! Drinks were also a little pricey in the lounge bar, 9 euros for a small beer. One small quibble, we asked for an iron and were told laundry could only be sent away, it cost 20 euros to have a dress pressed, so pack your travel iron! Very nice pool area with attentive service. A lovely stay in Rome away from the hustle and bustle.
Having trawled the web for a nice hotel and failed through the sheer volume of hotels we decided to book through our local travel agent who recommended the Cicerone Hotel. We were not disappointed! The hotel was easily accessible to most of the sights - the nearest being The Vatican. The rooms were a reasonable size and more importantly, spotlessly clean and well appointed. We enjoyed a fabulous meal in the hotel's restaurant which was a little expensive but well worth it . Considering the long walk around the city taking in the beautiful sights, the last thing you want to do is go out to find a restaurant to eat. Diane from Doncaster
We stayed at the Colombina at the end of January. The hotel was great! It was quite easy to find and the location was so close to st marks square and the vaporetto stops. The service from the hotel was superb and the breakfast in the room made life very easy. We ended up with a room with canal view. The hotel was immaculately clean and the staff always willing to help. The hotel is ideal if you want to be near the the centre without the noise at night and conveniently located for all main attractions. I will highly recommend this hotel ! !
I stayed at the Mercure Arthur Frommer this summer and the temperature went up to tropical hights. It was hell at night altough they claim to have airconditioning. The barman was smelly and was asking for a tip! Brutally! To make things even worse: the night porter was drunk!! I complained to the manager but she tried to blame me!! Never, never, never stay at this hotel
Our three night stay was good. The junior members of staff were very attentive and hard working. Although the room was nice and appropriate for its period, it was on the ground floor with no view of anything. However, If you do not mind that it is an excellent location to stay and visit Venice.
We booked a "Top" room at the U232 (as part of a trip celebrating our wedding anniversary) based on the photos displayed on the hotel website. We expected our room to have a shaded terrace with cushioned chaise lounges as displayed in the advertising for this type of room. While we were given a room on the upper floor, our terrace was open to the elements and was furnished with two canvas deck chairs and did not even offer an umbrella for shade. The temperature was in the 85 - 90 degree range and the terrace was so hot we could not use it at all. We asked to be relocated but were told it was not possible. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, the location was quiet yet accessible to all tourist sites and the metro, and the breakfast was very nice. However we were very disappointed that our TOP room was not what was advertised and not what we expected despite paying the higher rate.
We booked based on the positive reviews and were very happy with the standard. As we are on a budget, we'd looked at hostels and cheap B&Bs but they all seemed to have a lot of negative reviews and difficult locations. The location of the hotel was excellent. In a safe area but just outside the french quarter. We walked in every day. It's also great as you can get a cab without getting stuck in the traffic of the French Quarter. Service was excellent. All staff were so friendly, all the time, ready to help and eager to hear about your day. Room was very clean and housekeeping came everyday. I would stay here again in a flash-BEST VALUE IN NEW ORLEANS! !
The hotel is ideally located in the vicinity of Colosseo, Forum Romanum and other main historical attractions and also metro station is very close. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Yet,the rooms were a bit of a disappointment for me- they were quite small and basic (I understand these are old buildings), mostly what disturbed us was the dampness in the room and that the heating didn't seem to work properly for some reason. My parents stayed in another room on the top floor with a terrace and that room was better and warmer/no dampness. Rooms were cleaned daily and towels changed. The breakfast was good enough with rolls, croissants, cheese, turkey, salami, youghurt, cereals etc.- ok every day it was exactly the same (it would have been nice if they would have changed the variety of sausages etc.). Yet, concerning what price we paid (only 68€) it was value for money and I can reccommend this hotel for people who don't require too much luxury, but appreciate good service and location.
My husband and I booked the Ca' Pisani through Expedia and were suprised to get a rate of $207 a night for a standard hotel room in August. The hotel is in Dorsoduro, right next to the Accademia and the Guggenheim. It was a terrific location for August when the San Marco square is overwhelmed with tourists. The Dorsoduro is a bit more quiet than the center and has more charm, but it's easy to get to San Marco - you simply cross the Accademia bridge and walk for 10-15 mins. The Ca' Pisani was everything I had hope for. It's a small design hotel with lots of charm. The standard room is small, but the bathroom was a decent size, which is often not the case with European design hotels. The pillows and bed were comfortable and the sheets were simple white cotton. The hotel staff was very nice and accomodating, helping us with restaurant reservations, and the usual silly questions. The complimentary breakfast offered anything from bacon and eggs to pastries, but it was the multiple cups of coffee with perfectly foamed milk that made it a delight. Especially, since we could enjoy them at a table outside on the street people watching. I highly recommend this hotel and will try to always stay in the Dorsoduro when I visit Venice in the future.
We booked a "double deluxe" and asked for a modernized room with a balcony. We had the reservation confirmed twice and got the room we wanted (room 422). The room and facilities was modernized in a minimalistic manner. The room was small (like most european hotel rooms) but adequate for two persons with only little baggage. The bed was firm and the pillow a bit hard but, nonetheless, we had excellent sleep. "The bathroom" was separated from the sleeping area with only a curtain which was inadequate for securing "bathroom privacy". The toilet had a semi-transparant sliding door and the shower had a semi-transparant door. The balcony was large and equipped with a lounger and a chair. Flowers and plants made the balcony nice. Moderate street noice is to be expected in the middle of Rome but it felt like culture more than a problem. The view was uninspiring looking at antennas on neighbour builidings but the sky was clear and the balcony sunny. The hotel seeems to be mostly visited by couples above 30 years and it is quiet and relaxing. However, TV-noice from next door and voices from the corridor is quite evident when they occur (which they rearely did). Breakfast was average. The Hotel Adriano is perfectly located in the old part of Rome with small cobblestoned "via's" just outside the door. The hotel is in walking distance from all the major sights from the Vatican to the Colosseum.
I'm amazed at the bad reviews -- my wife and I had absolutely no complaints. It's a small hotel/condo combination in a beautifully-restored historic building, right on the river on East Wacker. So you can be perfectly situated downtown for half the price of the Swisshotel and the Hyatt Monster a couple of blocks westward. You can check yourself in on automated kiosks, although staffers will do it for you without your asking. We didn't encounter a single rude employee -- if anything, they were more friendly and accommodating than average. We had a "junior suite" (meaning a slightly bigger room with a queen bed & sofa) with a river view, which was quite comfortable. I can't think of a single thing to complain about, other than the lack of an in-room safe, one of my pet peeves. Internet was wireless and free. This is the downtown hotel of choice, as far as we are concerned.
Stayed at the Murray Hill East April 6 - 9, 2007. The location is excellent at 3rd and 39th. We walked to Grand Central Station (only about 2 blocks away), Times Square, and much more. The room was a studio with two double beds, sofa (no pull out), table with 2 chairs, TV, and Desk. The kitchen was small, but offered everything we needed. There was no microwave oven however. The room was kept clean, although it could use updating. The carpet was pink (bad color for a hotel room) and had several stains. Housekeeping did a good job, even washing the dishes. We enjoyed the space as we have heard hotel rooms in NYC are very very small. We were on the 8th floor and could still hear street noise, but it is NYC after all. This hotel is not the 4 Seasons, but it is really a good value and a great location for your home in NYC.
I am a regular customer at the City Club. I usually stay at this wonderful hotel for business. This is definitely a chic hotel located in the heart of Manhattan. The decor is fabolous and the room is adequately supplied with various kinds of amenities but don't indulge too much since a can of soda can be quite pricey. Times Square and the broadway theatres is a short 5 min walk away. The staff is unbelievably friendly. I was quite suprised that they remembered my name during my first night there. I love how they leave freshly made chocolate chip cookies in the evening. The rooms are very quiet which is remarkable due to its location. The quality was great for its value, plus the beds are quite comfy. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone. You will not be disappointed.
A real parisienne experience. The hotel is a beautiful building and the location perfect. We walked everywhere and the local area is a delight with many bars and FRIENDLY restaurants. We are an older couple and went to Paris to get engaged - it was all perfect and the hotel's ambience added to the experience. Highly recommended if you want a small, local hotel as opposed to a large modern one. Many thanks - we would return and recommend you to friends. Margaret and David
I got in late on a Monday and was quickly helped by the bell man and checked in by the concierge, I went upstairs to the largest City hotel room I've ever stayed in. Everything seemed super-sized from New York or DC. The bathtub in the bathroom was large and inviting, the walk in rain shower so large! I also didn't realize how close Pike Place Market was, it was literally like a 3 minute walk up the street, so the downtown location can't be beat. The inside of the hotel was spotless, the only thing that left to be desired was the view, I had a city-view, I'm imaging the lake view was much nicer but also much more expensive. I didn't go into the pool but the pool area had a great view, there were lots of chairs and a fire in case it was cold. The only strange thing about the hotel was that one of the things it faces is a giant public storage building. We had an event and the food was fantastic, the service there was also great, everyone was just so helpful and friendly, I can't wait to go back. My one complaint was that we didn't get to stay longer.
I was very surprised at how quiet the rooms were, given its proximity to the airport, but it was great. We both slept well, despite not being able to get a flat pillow from room service. You could barely hear the planes. Administration was great with email alerts, receipts, etc. Housekeeping was good. The floor was a little creaky where the wings joined. They have 3 computers in their business center, but could use more. They were constantly being used - at all hours of the day. Hotel offers a great breakfast (free). Biscuits and gravy, pancakes, fruit, cereal... everything!
I have stayed at the Hotel Erwin four times over the past three years (most recently December 11). The location is great and the overall vibe of the property is cool, hip, and funky. It seems that the management believes the great location and the cool vibe is all it needs to be successful. There doesn't appear to be a guest service focus at all. The service at the front desk is painfully slow and unattentiive. As others have said, the rooms are in need of maintenance and updating. Nothing serious, they are just tired. In spite of the poor guest service and the need for room maintenance, the Hotel Erwin is a good choice if you want to stay in Venice. Just don't expect four star service and accomandations.
This is one of our favorite getaway spots...we were there on Halloween weekend, and there was a totally delightful parade down the main street, adding to the overall charm of the weekend! Calistoga is always full of surprises! There are three mineral pools at Roman Spa; two with jets, and one that is a swimming pool. It was raining while we were there, and they supply umbrellas if you want to use the outdoor pool! It is always a great time, even in the rain!
