The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were quiet and spotless, but were not the biggest. The good size bed and the daily service is good too. Breakfast is simple but nice & filling. The location of the hotel was superb, as well!	We found the staff very helpful, friendly, and accommodating. The owner was very helpful in a difficult situation. The hotel, bathroom, and rooms are clean and charming. The rooms are small, but have nice showers, comfortable beds, and are quite. Breakfast is simple but nice, tasty, and filling. It's a Euro breakfast, so don't expect eggs & bacon. The location of the hotel was superb; it was perfectly situated and you really knew you were in Rome,	The location of the hotel was superb. The rooms are very clean and comfortably-sized. The staff, and the owner included, were all wonderful and very hospitable, and the breakfast they serve is tasty by Rome standards.
The hotel is beautiful, quiet, and fabulous, in a wonderful location on the Via Veneto. The staff was very friendly and attentive to requests, possibly the best in Italy. The hotel was very nicely appointed and was very clean throughout, with nice-sized rooms and clean, marbled bathrooms, and the breakfast is excellent.	The staff was incredibly helpful and professional. The hotel was very nicely appointed and was very clean throughout. The hotel is in a wonderful location on the Via Veneto. Lots of good, and reasonably priced, restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. The hotel is also equipped with Free internet which was nice. Overall, The hotel is very pretty and the accomodations very nice.	The staff was very helpful, attentive, and accommodating, especially in recommending very good restaurants. The hotel, rooms, and bathrooms were very nicely appointed and very clean. The rooms were nicely sized, the beds very comfortable, the linens luxurious, and the bathrooms, while small, were made of beautiful marble. Breakfast was great, with a good variety of food and a lovey view of the city from the rooftop terrace. The hotel is in a wonderful location on the Via Veneto, with lots of good, reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance. The free internet is nice, and overall the hotel is quite.
The entire hotel is very clean and neat, with very large pool surrounded by palm trees, and the room layouts were unique and spacious, with an outdoor entrance, comfy beds and amenities, and tiled floors inside. The free breakfast was excellent and a great bargain. The staff was welcoming and really helpful overall.	The staff were very attentive, informative and friendly. The entire hotel is very clean and neat, including the rooms, bathrooms, and pool area. The rooms are nice, especially the bathroom, shower, and private balcony. The comfy bed and tile floor are pluses, but the lack of fridge is a minus. Good free breakfast with plenty of selections. The pool was beautiful and heated. The location was good and the price reasonable for Key West. The parking is free, with no hidden extra charges.	Wonderful staff were accommodating and friendly throughout the stay. The rooms and bathrooms were so clean they were bright. The beds are comfortable, and there's plenty of amenities. The breakfast had amazing hot and cold food. (There are not enough reviews to summarize the building or location.)
The staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful. The hotel and room was clean. The rooms are very spacious with a nice oceanfront view and a gigantic balcony! Pool bar is great and food is good, too. The hotel has a perfect location. It was very nicely located with a 24 hours cafe downstairs, 2 pools , 2 bars and some beach stores to shop in.	It was very nicely located, with two pools, two bars, some beach stores to shop in, and a 24 hours cafe downstairs with good food. The rooms are very spacious and clean, featuring an ocean view, a sink and fridge, and a big balcony. The front desk staff were all helpful and very polite, wowing with courtesy and skill.	The service is highly skilled and very friendly. The rooms are very clean and kept with a welcoming aura. Rooms also had a balcony with an ocean view, and were spacious enough to fit a full kitchenette. Food from the pool bar was great. Overall, the hotel had two pools, two bars, a twenty four cafe, and beach shops to prepare for the bay area/ocean.
The staff were extremely friendly and always willing to help. The hotel and room were very clean with fabulous facilities. The room was spacious and comfortable with a really luxurious bathroom with Great bathroom ,shower and soaking tub glass sinks. Breakfast is good and the restaurant has excellent food and service. I loved the location because we were a step a way from everything. The room was decorated with dark wood accents, wood burning fireplace and modern decor.	The interior is beautifully decorated with dark wood accents and modern decor, with a location right in the heart of old Montreal. The rooms are very clean, featuring wood-burning fireplaces, comfy Murphy beds, large kitchenettes, and luxurious bathrooms. The staff treats you superbly, accommodating one's needs with friendliness and efficiency, especially in the restaurant where the food is spectacular.	The staff was courteous, very prompt, and helpful. The service was wonderful. The hotel, lobby, and rooms were very clean. The room was spacious and comfortable, with a really large, luxurious bathroom. The beds were particularly comfortable, as was the pull out couch. The room even had a wood burning fireplace!They include a living room and kitchenette. The food for breakfast and at the restaurant was excellent. The hotel is in a great location in old Montreal. It's walking distance to almost all the city's interesting spots.
The location is excellent, right next to Placa Catalunia. The rooms are nice and clean and big, with great amenities and comfortable beds to satisfy. Every member of staff, from reception to bar staff were extremely professional and helpful, and the breakfast was good, with a sufficient range of offers.	Tha hotel staff was delightful. They were always willing to help answer my questions or provide recommendations. The hotel, rooms, and bathrooms and clean and well maintained. The room was a good size, quite, and had very comfortable beds. Breakfast was good, with a sufficient range of offers. The location was excellent. It was close to everything, including shopping and the Placa Catalunia. The value and reasonable quality makes it hard to beat.	Reception, bar, and housekeeping staff were all delightful and helpful. The hotel was comfortably clean and fresh. The rooms were a good size, with very comfortable beds and great amenities. The hotel is located next to Placa Catalunia, and close enough to get a great shopping and cultural experience.
The hotel is a good choice for those who want to spend more times out for fun and shopping, with an excellent rooftop terrace to relax at after a days sightseeing. The bedrooms are very clean, minimally furnished, and modern. Very helpful desk staff provided maps and excellent advice. The restaurant serves breakfast only, but they do it very well with a great variety of food from cereal to smoked salmon.	The very helpful, friendly staff provided maps and excellent advice. The rooms were great; they were comfortable and very clean. The hotel was modern and clean throughout. The pool area was also cleaned everyday. The restaurant serves breakfast only, but they do it very well with a great variety of food from cereal to smoked salmon. The minibar selection was varied and not extortionate. The location was very good. The neighborhood is great, with great restaurants, bars, and shopping. The roof top terrace was excellent, and a great place to relax after sightseeing! It was an amazing stay.	The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The room was very good with a great bathroom and shower. The restaurant serves breakfast only, but they do it very well with a great variety of food from cereal to smoked salmon. There are also several nice restaurants and shopping near the hotel & the neighborhood is generally good. Also, the roof top terrace was excellent a great place to relax after a days sightseeing!
It's a lovely hotel with a fabulous pool, garden, and lobby, and the location is good if you want to be away from the crowds of central Rome in the summer. The rooms are lovely, comfortable and cleaned well, with enormous beds and TVs in the bathrooms. All staff are warm, helpful, and bilingual. The breakfast buffet was simply amazing - abundant, varied and delicious.	Staff was hospitable and offered warm, helpful service to most every request. Everything, including the pool, was very clean. The rooms were comfortable, if dated, but the bathrooms are luxurious and the beds comfy. The breakfast buffet provided abundant, varied, and beautiful food. It's also a good location to stay away from big crowds in central Rome during the summer. The hotel also came with a fabulous pool, an amazing restaurant, and a fantastic garden.	The staff were excellent, very helpful, friendly and polite. The room was clean, bright and airy, and the bathroom was also clean and modern. The rooms were spacious, bathroom was wonderful, too. The breakfast buffet was simply amazing - abundant, varied and delicous food, beautifully presented and offered with gracious, attentive service. The location is good if you want to be away from the crowds of central Rome in the summer. This is a lovely hotel with a fabulous pool and 2 Michelen stars in the restaurant. The pool and garden is fantastic, too!
This hotel was very nice and within walking distance of the Vatican, Colosseum, Forum, ST Peters, etc. Staff were helpful in every way, and the attention to each request and question was efficient and treated with courtesy. The air-conditioned rooms were very nice, clean, and comfortable, with immaculate bathrooms to boot. Breakfast, which is included, was pretty good for a continental buffet.	Staff received mixed reviews, but were overall considered friendly, attentive, and helpful. The hotel, rooms, and bathrooms were very clean, with daily maid service and linen change. The room was beautiful and airy. The Breakfast was great and varied. The location is excellent, away from the hordes of tourists. It's just a short walk over Ponte Umberto to Piazza Navona, or across Ponte Cavour to reach the popular shopping areas. The building is nice. The restaurant was first rate. However, some thought that the hotel is pricey for the quality of the room.	The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The wooden floors were all cleaned and maintained; as well as everything else in the hotel. The rooms were beautiful and large, and the bathroom was immaculate. There was a good, buffet style breakfast with particularly enjoyable cold meats, and with anything else desired. The hotel is located close enough to the Vatican, Colosseum, the Forum, and St. Peters- overall a great location.
Staff was friendly all around and very helpful; eager to assist with everything. The rooms were well cared for and immaculate. The rooms were a good size, had a lovely Venetian theme inside, and a beautiful view of the canal. Breakfast was great, with plenty of variety and fresh foods. The hotel is perfectly located by St. Mark's square.	Hotel has great staff, very clean, and good food in a great location.	The hotel is in a great location, near the happening spot of St Mark's square, and features very traditional Venetian decor. Its staff is very friendly and efficient, welcoming guests with professionalism and politeness. The rooms themselves are very comfortable and clean, with 4-star furnishings, double beds, and views of the canal. The breakfast was very nice, comprising of croissants, fruit juice, rice krispies, muesli, prunes, ham, and cheese.
The hotel looks nice and is very well located, between the center and the museum district, near canals and the Heineken Experience. Staff spoke English well and were very helpful and friendly. Small rooms typical of Amsterdam, but spotlessly clean and well appointed. The beds are very comfortable with feather pillows and thick duvet, and the free in-room safe is a good asset. Hotel only does breakfast but this is fresh food, of excellent quality and variety.	Staff at reception were helpful and friendly. The room and the hotel was clean with a modern interior. The room had modern conveniences, including large bath, fridge, flat screen with international channels, and a windw with shutters. It had comfortable beds and the bathroom facilities were excellent. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice and good freshly squeezed orange juice. The location was very good and within easy walking distance of everything.	Service was always cheerful and helpful. The rooms were spotlessly clean, including the beds and bathrooms. The rooms also had a lot of modern amenities, comfortable beds, and a large bath. Breakfast had plenty of choices and were of excellent quality. Located in the center of everything, it was an easy walk through the romantic, safe area.
Nice place to stay with great service. It was quiet and clean. The food was really good in a great location. nicely decorated	The staff was very helpful with all our dinner reservation requests and the questions we had about Venice. The room, lounge, dining area very well maintained and spotlessly clean. The room was well a nice size and well- appointed and the bathroom modern. The breakfast was generous with a lot of choices. and the coffee were wonderful. The location is very convenient and within walking distance of shops. The lobby is very nicely decorated with several little rooms to sit in and relax.	Staff at the hotel were well trained, could speak many languages, and were available every hour of the day. Everything was comfortably clean and picturesque. The rooms were well appointed, spacious, and had a modern bathroom. The breakfast was a wonderful, generous, selection of food. The hotel was located in a quiet area, conveniently located for walking.
Nice place to stay with great service. It was quiet and clean. The food was really good in a great location. Very Modern.	The hotel, well situated for the Metro to FC Barcelona, has a nice trendy, modern atmosphere accentuated with wood and dark colors. The English-speaking staff were extremely helpful and friendly, going out of their way for customers needs related to one's stay. The good-sized rooms and bathrooms are very clean, modern, and comfortable, offering amenities such as a flat screen TV, minibar, and air conditioning, on top of the excellent toiletries in the bathroom. The hotel provides a great breakfast (cooked and continental). A bit pricey at 13 euros, but good.	The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, recommending excellent places to eat and visit. They even assisted with phone calls for guests with language barriers. The rooms and lobby are very clean. The rooms were decent sized, with stylish modern decor, excellent showers, and comfortable beds. Both the cooked and continental breakfast are great, but slightly pricey . The location is great, quiet, but only a 5 minute walk from the metro station and a 15 min walk from the aerobus. The hotel has a trendy modern atmosphere that's very cosy. It's a great Price and has free WiFi.
It is an older hotel, but in very good condition with lots of charm & character and located within walking distance to all major sights in the French Quarter. The staff was very accommodating and friendly and went above and beyond with everything a guest might expect. The rooms have all been clean and well equipped, featuring a refrigerator, a microwave, and comfortable beds. The breakfast was presented very well, fresh and clean--the hot food was hot, the cold was cold.	Staff was service focused and very welcoming. Common areas of the hotel smelled fresh because of how clean everything was. The rooms were comfortable and came with a fridge and a microwave. Food, both hot and cold, was very well presented and fresh. The hotel was located within walking distance to the French Quarter and felt very safe at night.	The staff was extremely friendly, helpful, and accommodating. They give great recommendations for local food and activities. Everything - common areas, bathrooms, bedding, hallways - was clean and fresh smelling. The daily housekeeping service was impeccable. The rooms were very comfortable, with a quite fridge and a microwave. The beds were comfortable, but the pillows were small. The breakfast was good, fresh, clean, and the right temperature .The location is excellent, safe feeling, and walking distance to all the major French quarter sights. The hotel is older, but in very good condition, with lots of charm & character.
The small hotel is minutes away from tourist attractions, shopping and a great restaurant down the street. The staff at this hotel was extremely friendly, helpful and courteous from the minute a guest arrives, assisting in several languages and serving as guides when direction is required. The room was very clean and of more than adequate size and comfort, plus the view is great. Breakfast was good, with a selection of cereal, bread, wonderful croissants and jams to choose from.	Staff was helpful and friendly starting the minute someone walked in, recommended restaurants, and helped with touring of the city. Hotel facilities are clean and well kept. The small size of the room wasn't an issue because it was really comfortable. Delicious breakfast food was available, but there was also small lunches provided. The hotel is only minutes from many of the major attractions and restaurants. There is an outside terrace on the fourth floor; perfect for relaxing after a long day.	Very friendly English-speaking staff goes extra mile for exceptional help to make the most of stay. The facility is clean. The room was small but perfect. The breakfast buffet gets you ready for a day of sightseeing, with a selection of cereal, bread, wonderful croissants and jams. The location is wonderful, minutes away from tourist attractions, shopping and a great resturant down the street from the hotel. Another very nice feature is the outdoor terrace on the 4th floor.
The hotel is characterized by a beautiful interior design, and it's located close to everything, yet slightly out of the crush of tourist activity. The staff are wonderful and accommodating, and are ready to make all sorts of special arrangements for their guests upon request. The beautifully design and furnished room was modern and quite chic and very clean, as is the bathroom and shower room. The restaurant serves excellent full breakfasts, and their lunch and dinner menus are good too.	The staff was very helpful with all of our questions, since it was our first time in Venice. It was very clean and for the stay. The rooms are large, very comfortable, with a beautiful "deco-design" furniture, and a great bathroom (jacuzzi...) with fine bathproducts. The restaurant and bar is small but very good quality - modern Venetian food and excellent breakfasts. Excellent location, close to everything, yet slightly out of the crush of the tourist hubbub. The rooms are characterized by a beautiful interior design, as all as the rest of the Hotel (lobby, restaurant, main floor).	The hotel staff was knowledgeable, efficient, and always available to assist or give recommendations. They make many time-consuming special arrangements and reservations for guests. The hotel, rooms, and bathrooms were impeccably clean. The rooms are large, with beautiful deco furniture, comfortable beds, and quality linens. The bathrooms are small, but have great amenities, decor, and a jacuzzi. The restaurant and bar is small but great quality, with modern Venetian food and excellent breakfasts. Excellent location in a lovely neighborhood, close to everything, but away from crowds. The hotel interior design is beautiful. It's not cheap, but it's a great value.
The hotel is very elegant, located around the corner from a pizzeria and a two-minute walk from Pantheon. The staff is very professional, helpful, and friendly, and they give suggestions for wherever one might hope to explore at. The room was much larger than most European rooms, and very clean, with a great terrace/balcony to lounge at. Breakfast each day was excellent with a variety of items served buffet style, and the hotel bar is really nice with great "happy hour" specials.	Staff were approachable and accommodating, especially when helping with directions around the city. The rooms and bathrooms were reasonably clean. The rooms were recently refurbished, though small, and had a great rain shower in the bathroom. The breakfast buffet was excellent and there were great happy hour specials at the bar. The Pantheon is within walking distance, as are the other ruins. The building itself is elegant and very modern.	The hotel staff was very helpful and accommodating. The room was clean and the bathroom was very modern, immaculately clean. They are a decent size, spare and design oriented having been recently refurbished with free wi-fi. Buffet-style breakfast was good and plentiful. The location is perfect, only two minutes walk from Pantheon and close to all the other sites. This hotel was a very nice surprise as it was elegant.
It's a very nice hotel in a great location. The entire staff, from the doorman to the check-in, were very helpful and friendly. The rooms are very clean and generally well-kept by the staff, and they feature refrigerators and comfortable beds to sleep in. Restaurant in hotel is good for breakfast but best avoided for lunch and dinner for its lackluster menu with inconsistent quality.	The entire hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The room was immaculately clean, as was the hotel. The rooms although small are beautifully designed, comfortably and stylishly equipped with almost everything, except perhaps a fridge. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. Restaurant in hotel is good for breakfast, but lunch and dinner have a lackluster menu with inconsistent quality. It's a great value for the wonderful location - right in the middle of everything. It's much better than many of the chain hotels in the area.	The entire hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The room was immaculately clean and well maintained. The rooms although small are beautifully designed, comfortably and stylishly equipped with just about everything you could want, with comfortable beds. The restaurant in hotel is good, too. The best part was the location - right in the middle of everything.
This is the perfect hotel for the New York experience, with a shop on the corner that sold everything and a Starbucks just around the corner. All the staff was very courteous, helpful, and friendly, from the front desk to the doorman and the maid service, keeping the hotel well-looked after and spotlessly clean. The air-conditioned rooms are a really good size, with a fully-equipped kitchen and nice beds to sleep on.	The staff and doorman were helpful, courteous, and friendly. Maid service was excellent. This hotel is well looked after and spotlessly clean, as were the rooms. The room was big and nice, but may need an update. The bed was quite comfortable and the air conditioning worked great. The bathroom was recently renovated, and the fully equipped kitchen was fabulous. The location was excellent, convenient to midtown, and close to stores, dry cleaners, and coffee shops. It's in a safe neighborhood, away from the hussle and bussle. Though the rooms are a bit dated, the prices are very reasonable.	The staff was very helpful and professional, especially the maid service. The room and hotel was so clean. They were also spacious and comfortable, and the fully equipped kitchen was fabulous. The location to midtown was perfect and located in a very safe and nice neighborhood.
It's a very simple and small lobby to check-in at this boutique hotel. The location and its restaurant are fantastic. The staff was friendly and clearly doing their best and going out of their way to accommodate their customers. The rooms are spacious and extremely clean, with modern decor and furnishings, a TV, and toiletries and a huge shower in the bathroom.	The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful! The hotel and rooms were so clean. The room was gorgeous and very comfortable, although it could have been bigger. But the decoration of the room is very modern. The restaurant was very good. The location is fantastic. It's a very simple and small lobby to check-in, just adjacent to an excellent restaurant	The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, prompt, and very helpful when asked for directions or recommendations. The hotel, rooms, and bathrooms are very clean. The rooms were nicely decorated in modern neutrals, but show some signs of wear and tear. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was luxurious, especially the shower. The restaurant was very good. The location is fantastic. It's a boutique hotel, with a very simple and small lobby, but it's quite "homey" in an urban way. The price was very good.
The staff were very welcoming and were always happy to help you with whatever was needed. The comfortably-sized rooms were very nice and clean, and the bathrooms were exceptionally clean and well equipped. Breakfast was continental and included in the price, offering baguettes, croissants, cereal, yogurts, etc.	The staff were very welcoming and were always happy to help you with whatever was needed. The rooms were also very clean, and clean every day we stayed. Our room has a good sized, fully equipped, private bathroom. The continental breakfast was decent with baguettes, croissants, cereal, yogurts, etc. We were pleased by the location of the hotel.	The staff were very friendly, spoke fluent English, and helped with our local transportation needs and restaurant recommendations. The entire hotel was very clean, and the rooms and bathrooms were cleaned every day. The room was of good size for Paris and included a balcony. The bathroom was good sized, fully equipped, and private. Breakfast was continental and perfectly adequate. The location is good.
The hotel, which is very close to the famous pike market and aquarium, feels very new and modern. The front desk and lobby staff are super friendly and go out of their way to helpful. The room was very spacious and everything was very clean. The beds are comfortable, and the bathroom was great with a large soaking tub as well as a separate double headed shower and a TV in the mirror. The breakfasts are also wonderful, offering a beautiful relaxation room with tea, snacks and water.	The staff is over the top helpful with any requests or questions, adding many personalized touches to our stay. Overall the hotel and rooms were perfect, clean, and new. The rooms were beautiful and spacious. The bathrooms were great with a large soaking tub, a TV, and a separate double headed shower. The breakfasts are wonderful and the food overall is great. The location is fantastic, just steps away from Pike Place and the Piers. We enjoyed the gym and spa facilities - the steam room was amazing. The hotel feels very new and modern.	Service was efficient and respectful and personalized the stay. The rooms were exceptionally clean and looked new. The rooms were spacious and beautiful, and there was a great bathroom. Breakfast and room service were both wonderful. The hotel was very close to Pike Market and the aquarium. The hotel came with complimentary gym and spa facilities; and overall, was modernized.
The front desk staff were polite and professional and answered all questions with ease. From the shuttle driver to the restaurant workers, the whole place was friendly and helpful. This is a very clean, very reasonably price, quiet, nonsmoking older hotel with lots of extras. The bed in the room was so comfortable, with an ample supply of pillows, and the bathroom was very spacious. The free breakfast is nice and there was a wide selection of different foods available.	The entire staff were polite, professional, and answered all questions easily. The hotel itself was quite clean and inviting, as were the rooms and bathrooms. The bed was very comfy, with an ample supply of pillows, and the bathroom was well stocked with necessities. The free breakfast is nice, with a wide selection of foods. Free shuttle service was great, and check in was super easy. It's very close to the airport.	Staff was extremely helpful with the logistics of traveling and were knowledgeable of the city. All of the rooms were clean, with white linens available. The rooms were comfortable, there were limitless pillows, and the bathroom was full of amenities. Continental breakfast was inclusive, the ability to make one's own waffle is provided.
Nice place to stay with great service. It was quiet and clean. The food was really good in a great location.	The hotel, which is close to the beach, is very classy, with a good, small restaurant and rooftop bar with a great view. The easy-going staff is friendly the minute guests walk in, imparting excellent, helpful service with whatever need or piece of information one requests. The rooms are very clean and homey, with comfortable beds and a view of the beach. The food at Hash, the restaurant just off of the lobby, is fabulous for breakfast.	All staff members were friendly, accommodating, and helpful. The hotel and room were very clean. The room had modern charm and was nicely remodeled. The beds are extremely comfortable. The rooms are quite with wonderful beach views. The food at Hash, the restaurant in lobby, was fabulous. Room service is excellent. The location is great, very close to the beach. The vibe of the property is hip and funky. It's a long-ish walk to Santa Monica. The rooftop bar has a great view. The price is very affordable. The perks from the Joy Life Club are greatly appreciated.
The grounds of the hotel, which is within walking distance to all the shops and restaurants, are well-maintained, with relaxing mineral pools to soak in. The management and staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms and beds are also very clean and comfortable, with kitchens in some that allow free coffee and opportunities for cooking.	The staff, including the spa staff and reception, were all very helpful, responsive, accommodating, and friendly. The hotel rooms, pool, spa, and grounds are all consistently clean, well kept, and comfortable. The rooms are very comfortable, with upgraded new white comforters and ruffle dusters. The bed comfort level varies. The food at the facility is great. The town shops and restaurants are an easy walk from the hotel. It's surrounded by wineries to visit. The mineral pools are wonderful, the gardens are enchanting, and the rooms are elegant and spacious. It's an extremely quite, relaxing place.	The staff were helpful and friendly, especially in the spa! The hotel is consistently clean and well kept and The rooms are luxurious. The rooms have also been upgraded with new white comforters and new ruffle dusters. The hotel also features kitchens so that we can prepare breakfast and eat out in the beautiful garden and lunch at the picnic area so that we can barbeque, but the food in wine country is also wonderful! The location of the hotel is within walking distance to all the shops and restaurants. The grounds are beautiful with the heated indoor/outdoor pools .
