The location couldn't have been better, close to all Rome has to offer.	We found the staff friendly and most helpful after my husband was robbed at Rome train station!	The location is great, walking distance from anything you'd like to see.	We wanted to be near the Piazza Navona and this served our purposes.	We stayed at the Hotel Navona for 3 nights in November.	The family that owns Hotel Navona could not have
The hotel was beautiful, and the room was a decent size.	The hotel is within walking distance to a lot of sights.	We stayed at the Grand Flora on Marriott points in the middle of May 2007.	We had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay here again.	The hotel is in a wonderful location on the Via Veneto.	Very nice, elegant neighborhood and the hotel staff was very friendly.	The location was great- very
The "courtyard" pool was also nice, and seemed new.	The pool was nice, but we did not use it.	The pool area is very nice and large with several water features.	Breakfast was more than adequate and the pool area was very enjoyable.	The grounds are beautiful, and the staff is excellent.	We had a good time at the pool and the bar is great.	The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating.	The hotel
The first night (Saturday) we were on the 2nd floor and the noise was horrible.	The hotel was clean, staff was very friendly and helpful.	The room was clean, beds were very comfortable and the price was well worth it.	The room was clean and our maid service was very good.	We had an Oceanfront room and it was clean and the bed was comfortable.	The rest of us who used Orbitz were on the
The hotel is small, and our room was perfect for our stay.	The lighting in the living area was a bit too subdued and akward to control centrally.	The bang for the buck in this hotel is outstanding, I have already booked it for a business trip in August.	We were also very impressed with the selection and scope of the continental breakfast.	We did not eat any other meals at the hotel, although they
The staff in the hotel are all very friendly and helpful.	The hotel is in a great area, very close to the Catalonia Ramblas.	The rooms were spacious and comfortable, the location was really convenient and the service was great.	The location is excellent and the staff is really nice.	We stayed at the Regina for two nights in late June.	The breakfast is good, though a little variation would be welcomed.	The rooms were
The room we stayed in was very tidy and clean, bathroom the same.	We were very pleased with the hotel staff, they were very nice, friendly and helpful.	We did find it a bit out of the way especially after a long day sightseeing.	We had a fantastic time in the city in general although BEWARE of the gypsies.	We were on the 5th floor and it was difficult to sleep.	The beds were not
The location is very nice in a quiet corner of the villa borghese surrounded by embassies.	We booked this hotel as a way to reward ourselves at the end of our trip and it was worth every penny.	We have visited many hotels in Italy and always look forward to going back to the Aldrovandi.	We had an absolutely fantastic time during our visit to Rome and the Aldrovandi Hotel was the cherry on the
The hotel was within a 20 minute walk of most of the best sites.	The hotel is in a good location within walking distance to the Vatican.	No trouble, we were allocated our rooms immediately and able to go out to immerse ourselves in the beauty and culture that is Rome.	The breakfast was great and the staff were easy to work with.	The hotel staff was very helpful in every way.	The hotel is
The service from the hotel was superb and the breakfast in the room made life very easy.	We stayed at the Hotel Colombina for 3 nights on a couples mini-break.	We stayed two nights for our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for a better experience.	We were so close to all the attractions in Venice and spent our three days walking everywhere.	The hotel was situated up a side street and over a small bridge
The staff were helpful and friendly, and made me feel very welcome.	The location is convenient for sightseeing - you can get any of most interesting places on foot, the staff is very helpful and friendly.	We found the location of the hotel to be pretty much perfect for us.	The hotel was clean and the room was a good sized.	The rooms were clean and modern, but quite small.	We were within walking distance
The hotel staff were very helpful with directions and recommendations, a must in the old city of Venice.	The location is great and it was in a quiet area.	The staff were very friendly and the hotel was beautiful inside.	The staff was extremely helpful, and the rooms were charming.	The staff was wonderful and the breakfast was fabulous.	The hotel is in a great location and we were able to walk from the train
We didn't pay extra for the breakfast but there are plenty of places to eat in the area.	We went to Barcelona for a weekend and chose the U232 as it was not too expensive but still in a nice area.	We were able to stay in one of the rooms on the top floor which was amazing.	We were looking for a hotel away from the tourist areas but still very accessible to the
We availed of the breakfast, which was lovely and headed out to the French Quarter.	The hotel is old but that for the price, I wasn't expecting a lot.	The staff was extremely friendly, helpful and made us feel very welcome.	We didn't eat there every day, but it was great, and I've had much worse at other hotels of this caliber.	The staff was great and very helpful and the breakfast was a plus.
We had a wonderful time and a lot of it is do to the great stay at Hotel Grifo.	The hotel is in the center of many Rome attractions that are within walking distance.	The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful.	The location is just great, close to the Colosseo and within walking distance of all the famous sights in Rome.	The rooms are really clean, and the breakfast is good..	The service was
The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful, with amazing restaurant recommendations.	The hotel is in Dorsoduro, right next to the Accademia and the Guggenheim.	The hotel is located in a beautiful and special part of Venice, and very close to the Academia bridge.	We would definitely stay here again, especially as it is right next door to the Accademia.	The hotel is located in a very nice spot near the Academia Bridge.	We had
The location of this hotel is the best, we walked EVERYWHERE in Rome.	The room was lovely - very modern and great value for money.	The room and public areas were well above average and the breakfast buffet was excellent.	The hotel was best placed for our stay in Rome.	The hotel was easy to find, and the staff were friendly.	The room and facilities was modernized in a minimalistic manner.	The decor in the
We were in town for the weekend to see Wicked.	We were on the 21st floor and had an outstanding view of the river.	The entire hotel staff was very nice and helpful.	We decided to upgrade and we were given a room in the River Hotel portion of the hotel.	The staff was so pleasant, the rooms very clean, everything was perfect!	The room was large enough, clean, with a view on east Wacker
Very large rooms, especially for the money in the city.	We had plenty of room compared to other New York City hotels.	The room was big and had a small kitchen, so I have to say I'm very pleased with my stay here.	The location is great and I had no problems with the staff at all.	The Murray Hill East Suites is exactly what we were looking for.	The location of the hotel is
The beds were extremely comfortable and the lighting was lovely.	The room was a nice size- I was in the front (not where I usually like to stay because of noise).	The room was extremely small even for NY, not mint, dated with a view to a wall.	The location is perfect and the hotel is so very quiet!	The room also had a built in day bed which was nice.	The room was nicely
We were able to walk to all the tourists sights, except Montmarte and the Eiffel Tower.	The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful during our stay.	The staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfast is a perfect start to the day.	The rooms was sufficent in size, the bed and pillows were very comfortable.	The ladies in the breakfast area were very friendly and courteous.	The bathroom was clean and the shower
The hotel is in a great location, only a couple of minutes walk to the Farmer's Market.	We could see the city for a couple of days, and ya know, stay at the Four Seasons...weekends are always cheaper.	The hotel was a great choice for the end of our weeklong trip to the Pacific Northwest.	The room was spotless, and the bed was extremely comfortable.	The bathroom is huge, with one of the deepest tubs
The rate is good and the room was comfortable and clean, no problems there.	The staff was friendly and went out of their way to accomodate us.	The hotel is older, but our room was clean and had everything we needed.	The hotel is very clean, the beds were comfortable and the service was great!!	We left our car parked here for the 2 weeks and got a great rate.	It was a great deal
We stayed here last summer on a whim, and loved it.	The hotel has so many advantages over the other options in the area that it is a no contest.	The beds were comfy, and the view of the beach is ever so inviting.	We had a great stay at the Erwin, and the staff really made it more enjoyable.	We didn't feel comfortable venturing out at night, but the Erwin has a great alternative
The resort is within walking distance of the market and many wonderful restaurants.	We love to go down after dinner and hang out in the pool, it is delightful.	We had a kitchen to cook our own meals, and spent alot of time in the 3 mineral pools.	We will definitely come back to Roman Spa for the a stay and spa treatments, and enjoy the lovely environment at the motel.	The people staying at
