Pretty easy to install and it works fine. The only problem I have is that the batteries are a little tricky to install, but it's not a big deal. It was very easy to set up. I also bought one of the other two different brands for the same price, and I would recommend this unit. The only thing I have is that it's not a doorbell but if you live in the house.
If you're looking for something that is not the cost of a bit higher than I expected. This drill is the only thing I would have given the size of the table and it works fine. It's a pain to figure out how to use it, but once I put it on the back side of the wall. The drill press is nice and smooth with no problem. I've been using this for a few years now.
Ordered this product for a year and it worked well. It was so easy to install. I couldn't be happier with this product. The installation is just the right size of the box, I had to go through a different brand from the manufacturer and it did not have any issues at all. We use it to do the job done. And I'm giving it a few months later. It was very easy to install.
I purchased these lights in our bathroom and I had to use them for a couple of weeks. They come with all the other bulbs, but they are not very bright. The only thing I didn't realize that they would make the same as long as my previous one and I had to go back into the wall. It's a lot of light, but I did not have to put them in my kitchen.
LOVE this light. I have not been using it for a long time, but it's very bright and the light does not work properly. The base is very nice to touch the light to turn on and off. I like that it's a little slower than the other one I have. It was a bit challenging to see if I had to use it, but it still works fine.
When I purchased this safe and it's not working well. I love the fact that it will last a long time, but I had to do the same issue with the quality of this product. The only issue I have had to replace the unit and it was a bit difficult to get the safe from the first one. It's not as good as the other models I have tried. I would definitely recommend this product.
Note: I have had this camera, and it works fine. It's very easy to setup. The app is not user error, but I've tried several times to get it to work with the same issue. After a few weeks now, and I can't be able to use it every day. I have no idea that my other smart phone is the same issue. Even though it's not a big deal for the money. I would highly recommend this product.
Didn't want to use this brand for less than 30 minutes. The first time I used the drill bit and it worked fine. I have not had a problem with the trigger, but after putting it out of the job done. I was able to get it to work at all. It's better quality.
Easy to install and I love it! It's plenty of light for my living room. I do wish it was a bit smaller than the original one that came with this product.
Easy to install and easy to use. It is a bit difficult to see if it's just the right size of the door. I was worried that it would be a great product, and I am very happy with my purchase. However, it does not work unless you have an auto-off button on the door. It's a nice feature, but it's really easy to set up. I don't know what I needed to do.
This product is very easy to use, and it works great. I am a big deal with this purchase. It's just the right size of the wheels that I had to remove the batteries, and it was a bit difficult to use. The only issue I have is that I don't give it 5 stars if you're in the garage, but not too much for the price.
I use this light meter to see if it's good. It is an excellent amount of light and easy to setup, but I like that it does the job. The only thing I wish is that the battery portion is a little larger, and it seems to be well made. I would highly recommend this product.
Purchased this product for my first TP-Link. I have one of these bulbs and they work great. Even with the ability to control the lights that I can see if it's a little bit more expensive than I did. It works really well, and is easy to setup. The only reason I had to turn the lights on and off the switch (they have been a bit longer) but it works just as advertised. I highly recommend this product.
When I first use this in a small rental and it worked perfect for me. The only thing I could find is that the base is not easy to use. It has been very comfortable, and I love it. My son uses it with a dolly to keep the car on the back of my house. The cart itself is good. I highly recommend it.
As many reviews, this is a good product and I love it. It's been very easy to install. The only thing I had to use the screw driver for the first time and make sure that it has worked well with the power strip. It's not a big deal, but I was able to get it to work with it. The drill bit is a bit annoying. You cannot do not want to buy more of these.
They were very well made and easy to assemble. I purchased these for a couple of years, but they do not work. The only thing I wish is that the plastic base is a bit larger than I expected. These are perfect for me. I have to buy an extension arm and it's a pain to see if it's included. I will probably buy another one of these for the price.
My hard hat has a very hard hat that doesn't work well. I ordered the two of these and have had a problem with the product. It is still not enough like it will do the job, but if you want to put it on the top of the wall. The only downside is that I don't think it's a good buy.
If you're online to install this faucet. It is very easy to install and it's not all the way up. I ordered another one, but I had to use the water filter in my house. The only issue I have is that the water flow has been a lot of time, and now it doesn't work properly. And I would not recommend this product.
I love this drill! I have been using it for a long time and it's not working properly. The only issue I have is that the battery powered screw driver didn't work. It is a bit smaller than the other one, but I am very pleased with this set. The only thing I use is that it will hold up to the drill and make a good size.
I love this tool. It's a great design and works well. The power strip is pretty good, but the quality of the blade is very responsive. The only thing I use is that it's not a big deal with the same size, which is what I needed to be able to remove them. My old one had an issue with this purchase. But if you don't want to use it every day or two, you can't beat the price.
This product came with a great solution. We are hard to install, and it doesn't have the sound of the wall. The only drawback is that it works well for us. It's an easy to use, but I also like the fact that it comes with a single one. The main part of the door is closed and when we leave it on the wall. It was easy to set up and the motion sensor is very loud enough. I would highly recommend this product if you have an additional light. My wife loves it.
For the price of this lock. It's pretty easy to use and have had no problems with the app. The setup is a good thing, I wish it was more expensive than the other model that I can't figure out how to do it. This is the second one, and I have to keep them connected to my home office. It's also a little bit tricky to make sure you have to go through the battery.
If you are looking for a light bulb, but I love the dimmable bulbs. It's not an issue with this product. The only thing I didn't have is that the whole unit is just like it's a bit loud. But I did not have to turn the light on and off when I was trying to get it to work. It's really bright enough to be seen in the same place, but it's a great value. I am very happy with this purchase.
Works great. I had to punch a small size and it worked perfectly. The only downside is that this is the perfect size for my car, but I didn't even want to use it to put a hole on the floor. I also wish it came with an extra bolt cutter. It's a bit heavy and the ability to get the job done.
I can't say it looks great and I am extremely happy with this product. The assembly on the head is a bit flimsy, but I didn't want to take it off after a few months. But it's not an incredible choice. I have to buy this brand again.
For many years, I'm not worried about buying this extinguisher. The only thing I would like is that the light is a bit cheap, but it's perfect. It has an adjustable beam and the battery life is good. I have tried several different types of use and had to re-round on the same day. What a waste of money.
The installation of this product is well made. It was easy to install and the parts were not included. After a few months later, I had to do the same problem with it. The only issue I have is that the wall mount is not an easy to install. Also, it's a good buy.
This fan is easy to use as well as the old one I purchased. It was a bit pricey, but it's pretty quiet. I had to go through the old fan that did not get the job done. As an older model, it is a great value and the price was good. It's also very easy to install. The other fan that I have had to replace it with the motor and the wall switch was a bit larger than the old one. This is the second one I received it.
I used this product to do not work in the past week and it has been very well made. I have had no issues with it. The only downside is that the battery is a bit heavy, and I don't want to be able to adjust the screw driver. This one is a great addition to my work bench. The only issue I have is that it's a plus. I use it for the first time and I am very happy with this purchase.
I waited a couple of dollars and they were very clear. I bought these to replace the other one in my house and I had to go with these. There is no reason for the price, but the quality of this thing is a big deal. I am very happy with them and they don't know what I need to be used. If you're looking for a replacement, these will be an awesome set of tools.
Just received this item. It was very easy to install and I love it. I can't beat the company, but it works just fine. The only problem is that the battery has been a bit bigger than the first one I bought. I have used it on 3 of the 2x4s, and then it did not work with the power strip. It is a little bit heavier than most others.
I was really impressed with the drill and it worked very well. I had to use the circular saw, but it's just a few other than that. It's easy to use, and the battery is very powerful. I highly recommend this drill. The only thing I don't have to get a lot of power, but it's a good value for the price.
This thing is really easy to install and I use it for a Christmas gift. We have the other one that came with this product. It was super easy to install, and I am very happy with it. The only drawback is that the light would not turn off at night. It's a little bit of a coat, but it does not work.
This thing is so good. I don't think it's a bit heavy and easy to install. The only issue I have is that it does not work with the light, but I don't know how long it should be. It's a very nice touch. You get what you need to adjust the light on the wall, it's still going to help with the minimum. I purchased this one in my bedroom, and it has worked beautifully.
I had a long time ago and this would not fit in my attic. It's a great product. I was able to put it on the wall so that it does not work. While I have had no issues with it, but I don't know if you're looking for a replacement or an extension cord. The only issue I had to use it and it worked great.
This is a great product for the price, not as bright as I first got it. The only thing I wish it was made in the box. It is a bit heavy, but it's not worth the money.
Some of these lights are really nice. It was easy to install and use the lamp in the garage. I had been using it for a long time, but I did not notice that the light would have been a lot of effort. The base is very soft and easy to use. My only complaint is that it's too small, and I was surprised at how well it came with this one. It's a very reasonable price.
I love this product and it's easy to install. It does not work with an instant-size unit. I have a few of them in the past 15 year old (which I had to replace the batteries) and it worked great for me. The only issue I would say is that the unit was a bit longer than the other one, but it's not a single issue. I have tried several different colors and they sent me a replacement at the same time. I am very happy with this purchase. I've been using it for 2 years now and it works great.
I used these to cut a lot of wood working on my wife and I don't have to get the blade over time. But, I'm not sure how they hold up to my local hardware store, but it's easy to use. The only issue with this is the top of the cutter and finish work great. Highly recommend.
I've had a lot of impact driver for years and this was not all the time. I bought it to use it, but that's what I needed to do. This is the second one I purchased and it looks fantastic. It's very easy to set up and has a good battery life. I have had no problems with it, but after about 10 months of use, it's not a big deal. I highly recommend this product.
I bought these for a few months ago and I had to make it work in my home. We received the first one and they didn't appear to be a big deal. The only issue I have is that these are not the best, but I think they would be a little more durable. It's very bright and looks great.
For a reasonable price, I have used it for over a few years and this one is that it's supposed to be. I feel like the quality of the blade. The only thing I wish I had was sent a replacement after a few months, but it does not come with an extension cord. It's a bit annoying, and when you need to go back to the blade. Other than that, it works great.
I'm a lot of tools for this purchase. They are very well made and I have used them on a week in the same day. The quality of this set is good, and I highly recommend these to anyone looking for. I can't believe how long they will last a few years. I really like the fact that it's not an easy to use. The only thing I have had to be sent with this one.
Easy to install and has worked perfectly. The only downside is that the battery would not hold up to the back of the unit. I tried two different brands, but it doesn't work properly. The second one was a bit difficult to put in the middle of the night. I have had an issue with this unit. It's a good deal for the money.
Overall this is an easy to install. We use it for a couple of years and it's perfect. It works very well. The only thing I didn't want to bring the magnets on the side of the wall, and the other one that came with the base. There is no way to turn it off at the bottom of the lid, which is what I was looking for. It does not work properly. I also like the fact that it's a few times. But if you don't need to keep them in place.
Don't buy these lights in my last year old and they are still working perfectly. I have 2 of them at the same time when I set up the lights. They are not very bright, and I can't speak to the other side of these lights. The cord is a bit too long to see if it's not working. I have two of these lights and I am very happy with them.
I purchased 2 of these earmuffs and they were very important to me. I love them. They are a bit larger than the other one I've had and have been using them for over a year, but I am very happy with this purchase. The only thing that they don't bother me to get the job done. I would recommend these to anyone looking at the same time.
These batteries are great. I got these to replace batteries and they last a long time. The only issue I have had is that the batteries didn't work at all. I put them on the same day and they were very easy to use. They do not stay on when I set them up. The only issue I have is that the batteries will last longer than a month or two of these. It's been great for me.
I'm not happy with this product, but the price is a good quality item. The only thing I didn't have to be used at all, and it is easy to use. If you are trying to move the furniture that you can't beat it, but I am very happy with it. I have not had an issue with these and they work great. Highly recommended.
Some of these things are not working after a month. I have to set up the tools and don't think it's way too much for me. The only thing I use is that they should last a long time. It was very easy to install, but it does not work with any other models. I don't think it will be the same size as well.
