After lightening struck our intercom/doorbell, we purchased the Honeywell door chime and an extra push button. The comments in the customer review section were very helpful. They were extremely easy to install and set to separate chimes for each of the two doors. We have one on the front door and one by the side door.The chimes are clear and loud. We can hear them though out the house. They are actually better than our old wired doorbell. Who knew? We would absolutely recommend them to anyone.
This is a very good drill press. I love it, works very well.
This is a very quiet disposal. Really easy to install.
These lights are as good as I hoped - They are very sturdy and I am comfortable leaving them outside all the time. The lights are bright but soft - the Edison bulbs look great! The cord for the lights is thick and a bit heavy so I recommend either hooks or the wire they suggest to put them up. I have a small patio on the back of my house that has just one single bulb to light it - I never use the light anymore because these lights are so perfect. Very happy with this purchase and I would recommend - I have seen these bulbs strung on outdoor patios at restaurants around town too, they look great.
This is a well-made lamp and perfect for desk or bench work. It articulates well in any direction and provides a bright white light. The ability to dim this to suit is a nice touch. The lamp feels solid and long-lasting; and it looks sleek and modern. I was so impressed with the lamp I immediately bought 2 more — one for my wife's desk, and another for my drafting table. At this price this is excellent value for money. You will not be disappointed in this lamp.
This is the second Biometric Gun Safe I have had. The first safe{a different brand}was unreliable in being able to open on the first try with My fingerprint. My SentrySafe Pistol Safe, Quick Access Biometric Gun Safe, Single Gun Capacity, QAP1BE is just the opposite of the first safe meaning it Opens the first time every time{so far}, with it's fingerprint scanner which makes it Reliable which is what You need in case of an emergency !
I purchased the Arlo Q Plus wired camera after owning other brands wireless camera. The audio and motion detection work amazing well. The 1080p picture is great and the 180 degree field of view makes it so I can see my entire room. I like that I can plug the camera directly into my Ethernet, and I can expand my home security system with more Arlo cameras. The Arlo app works great, and I could add my wife as a user to my Arlo account so she can use the app on her phone too.
A very good drill press for the money. I use very small drill bits .050 for ho scale trains and the Wen drill press was able to hold it without adding a smaller drill Chuck.
The lights were very easy to install. Love the outcome of my vanity now
Very nice lock. If you are planning on putting this on a door with glass around the lock, you might want to get a different lock. Someone could break the glass and open the lock, otherwise, this is an excellent lock for a solid door. Very poor programming instructions though. I had to go on youtube to learn how to program it, but after that, I really liked it. If you plan to install it in direct sunlight, you will have a problem seeing the screen when the sun is shining directly on it. Remember, solid door, out of direct sunlight, this is the lock for you.
I thought this would be great but the second time I used it one of the small wheels for the cart just folded under and broke. Although the dolly wheels are relatively heavy duty, the swivel wheels for the cart are cheap plastic and easily buckled with less then 100 pounds on the cart. The dolly still works but my whole purpose in buying this item was so we could use the cart.
Very good light meter with great accuracy. Also great value for the money.
Dimmer switch that works with the Alexa app and controls hologen lights. Great for smart home functionality and easy to install.
Was easy to assemble and very sturdy. Love the cart!
I have used this screwdriver for several months. I really like the gyroscopic action. Gyroscopic action takes a few tries to get use to but once you do it very easy to use. The 8V battery is strong enough to screw in/out the screws you are most likely to use this tool on. The charger works good too. After using this tool I liked it so much I gave one to my son-in-law. I recommend this screwdriver to anyone looking for a battery operated screwdriver and I recommend this seller as well.
I didn’t do much welding with these goggles, but they did look great with my homemade ghostbusters costume!
I got one of those awesome new Halo hard hat lights and it didn’t fit my Cap-Style hard hat very well so I bought this. Well it didn’t fit this hat very well either BUT I will say that I really like this hard hat as it is way more comfortable than my old one. My new light might not fit it but that’s more of a fault with Halo not the hat. This is a really good hat and light be damned.
The filter works great, only draw back I found is we have an off brand faucet that it does not fit really well on and it sprays water when you switch over to filtered water . It takes longer to use the filter water because of the lack of about half the normal water coming out . It is rather hard to fill up pans pots and pitchers with the filtered water because the filter sitts so low even if you are just using regular water it makes it hard having the filter on the faucet.
These dewalt combo drill and driver/impact works great and the battery life is very good..
I have been a fan of Bosch for years. I have a 18 volt drill and compact driver but wanted something a little more versatile. This fit the bill nicely. I love all of the attachments to be able to get into tight areas that my current drill is too large for. It is a great kit and a nice addition to my current set of Bosch tools.
Works like a champ! Loud, easy, inexpensive, great device Found this while looking for an intercom system for my mom. They all had too many buttons and would confuse her! This is simple. Push the button. Both buttons have a lanyard and wall mount with adhesive or screw. The receiver box the attendant has cones with a belt clip or you can set it on a table. There is a ding-ding sound, or alarm (like a home alarm siren). Both are very loud and can easily wake you up. (If they don’t, nothing will). We have a large split home with mother in law suite, and the range works great from anywhere. This product is awesome!
Can not get it to ever lock in it’s own
Great Product. Set up is extremely easy just install the bulbs, turn power on, download the app, connect the Hue bridge included and done. Took me around 10min to set everything up. Make sure you get the bulbs that are compatible with the ones in your home. The bulbs have like a two second delay from when you control them through your phone or through Alexa. Definitely recommend this product
It works well and very easy to punch a hole in a belt.
Overall, I LOVE this shower head. I live in an area with very hard water and occasional slightly rust colored water, and it has a bad effect on my hair and skin, and the inside of the shower. With this filtered shower head, I deal with less soap scum, and shinier hair and skin. I do wish it was a little less unwieldy and heavy, but I'm not sure how that could be avoided with a filter.
It is a very nice, light and very bright flashlight.
I installed the Moen grab bar in the shower for my aging mother- she loves it! The grab bar was very easy to install.
I was able to purchase this entire fan assembly for less money than I could buy "just the motor and fan". My bathroom's ceiling fan had quit working and I didn't want to remove the fan box/housing. I simply wanted to replace the motor with attached fan. I order this entire fan, with included housing and cover grate. I removed the motor and fan from the old fan box, and replace it with the motor and fan out of the new fan box. I also used the new cover. Very simple and inexpensive repair/replacement. I could have paid twice what I paid, just for the motor and fan, from other vendors.
I already had one of these that i use for small engine repair and since i have two work bench's i bought this second one. They are great little tool.light weight,good battery life and they torque the screws down just right. Highly recommend!! !
The ratchet tie down straps are great, and I use them to secure many things in my truck bed
The saw itself is a 5, but the battery is a 3 at best.
I had a cordless drill that would not go in reverse any longer and bought this B&D drill because I also wanted something with a little more power than the cordless drill i had. This drill is not too heavy to hold, but it has the power I needed. I was driving 6" screws into some landscaping timbers with ease with the drill while my cordless model would not always be able to get the entire screw through the material. this Drill also allows for other attachments to be used on it such as a sander or a small circular saw but I have not tried any other attachments on it yet.
a bit disappointed for the money that I thought I would see a lot of snowflakes across the front of my house. the further you move from the house the less it looks like snow , just blobs.
It works as intended. I use this flashlight to find where my cat has peed on the carpet so I can clean it up. It doesn't appear very bright, but I don't think it needs to be to show where urine is. The urine spots show up as bright greenish yellow under the light.
Just what needed to replace old, outdated range hood. Fan is a bit loud, but worth it.
Good flashlight, but it's not as bright as I thought it would be. They need to make the light brighter!
This is the lamp I was looking for and is a great reading lamp. it was easy to put together.
Works well as a thermostat and is easy to install. Beware of battery sensor issues. After a year and half the battery sensor said low and to replace the batteries. I put several sets of new batteries in (Energizers and other brands) and the thermostat says all the batteries are low. Seems to be a TX500U issue since the other, much older, Lux thermostat still works great.
Good wire cutters, they are sharp and do the job
This makita impact is a great tool. The battery last a long time. I chose makita because I've been using them at my job for about 3 years now and I have not have one of their products fail on me. If you want a great impact at a great price get this.
this over boots are great in mud, water, snow keeping my feet dry and warm
I like my new saw very much. It is quite easy to mount saw blades. The saw was easy to set up as well. The instructions for the alternate saw blade mounts (jaws) were very unclear. All in all, this is a really good scroll saw and I can hardly wait to get busy with it.
Great set of sockets. Every size, SAE and metric. Well made and came in a nice case. Would recommend to anyone needing a nice Allen hex bit socket set,
There are lots of places in your house where water leaks can be catastrophic - your washing machine, your water heater, your sump pump. Failures or leaks can cause extensive water damage. This is a very simple electric circuit that is completed if the sensor gets wet. When that happens, you get a loud alarm so you know something is up. This one also has a low battery alarm so that you can keep the batteries fresh enough to alert you. It is not wifi enabled or internet connected, but hey it's like $5 a sensor. Like all insurance policies, this provides piece of mind.
I bought this screen because we did not have a screen door. We had a full curtain flap before this screen (no split down the middle) and this one works better to keep the bugs out. We have 2 dogs that run in and out all day long and the magnets don't always close the screen shut but they are heavy enough that the screen closes most of the way anyway. I did find the velcro strips don't stick well to the metal door frame even though I cleaned it with soap and water, but again, they work well enough. I think this screen keeps about 90% of the flies and other flying bugs out of the house.
I luv the lights. They were so easy to set up,and they give off a very bright light.
These are great earplugs. I’ve used a variety of foam ear plugs and these are the softest and works well to block noise. Others I have used hurts my ear in the morning when I sleep with them in my ears. These don’t. One complaint is that these came in a bag that was not sealed. WhenI opened the box I only found 4 pairs instead of the stated 5 pairs.
Love these lights! They came with batteries and the necessary mounting items: screws or tape, and a remote. I used the double-sided 3M tape to mount the lights under my kitchen cabinets and turned them all on with the remote. They are nice and bright! You can also put the lights on a timer or just push on the light to turn it on. I'm ordering another set to put under all my cabinets.
I like these they are really a help in moving furniture. I recommend getting the extra moving straps that are different lengths.
A very nice set of snap ring pliers. Well worth the money for them.
