I have two different chimes. Easy to install. I do like that you can set up multiple door bells to it and have distinctive chimes / Icons for each. The range seems to be good also. Great doorbell! I also bought the motion detector and it Syncs up really well with the door Chime. Easy to set up. I have tried several Wireless door bells for my 3 story house and have always had issues. Best Wireless door Bell I have ever purchased. My study is outside of hearing range for the main doorbell. Great Wireless doorbell. First, it now SETS in the middle of the House (about 40 feet from the transmitter). It is loud enough to hear upstairs and down. Enter the Honeywell and now all is happiness and bliss.
Still some wobble though. It is surprisingly quiet and compact, too! It's fairly easy to assemble and Mount on a table and it's straight forward to use. I think this is the perfect drill press for my limited needs and usage. I purchased this drill press to drill Forstner bit flat bottom holes in cabinet doors I am making for my kitchen. It is fine for drilling perpendicular holes, but there is a some Runout and the hole size will always be larger than the bit. Everything about it works very well and the belt speed changing is very easy. This is a great drill press for the money. I do mostly metal work...and this little drill press is surprisingly effective! I feel that this drill press is a good value for the money. The rack & Pinion table height adjustment works very easy and smoothly. The drill has all the standard bells and whistles. Great product and great price. The holes drilled in the knob are too small.
Easy to install. This is a great disposal. Very quiet and very powerful. The absolute best garbage disposal available. When the water is running I had to turn it off to be sure it was running in the beginning. This is the best garbage disposal! Hopefully it lasts a long time. Very quiet! I installed it myself. Wow - this is powerful and quiet. It is a beast. Very quiet and no vibration. So much quieter than our old one. Nearly silent.
Just the right amount of light. They look amazing. I didn't rate these for the remote control as that is not part of the set, is an extra available for purchase. Did not see a remote control! These lights are fantastic. Easy to hang. The lights provide the perfect amount of light for outdoors. Each bulb was individually packed in a box protected with Bubblewrap and all boxes packed in cardboard box. We have received many compliments on them. They look great! Love these lights. The bulbs are bright bright. The light is soft and very appropriate for our patio set up. These are great lights.
This was a great lamp--while it lasted. Best desk lamp I have purchased. The light is very bright. Love this lamp. The light source is great. This is by far the best light I've purchased. This light is excellent so far. Puts out great light, and looks nice too. The dimming feature is a nice touch. It is very sleek and modern. Nice lamp. I love it!!!! Great lamp. Very, very good light.
The lid doesn't open all the way either. The finger print reader works! Opens every time with fingerprint. Nice safe. Plenty of room for a full size pistol and extra Mag. Quick access. Great safe! The Biometric version of the quick access pistol safe is nearly identical to the standard model, the only difference being the fingerprint reader. Easy to program. Great gun safe. Best Biometric safe on the market for the money Hands-Down. Finger print scanner works great. It opens quickly. I love this safe!
I have several Arlo cameras. Plan to buy additional cameras to complete my home monitoring. The night vision is great for our garage and the ability to set specific trigger zones was super simple. This is a great camera that does everything it ’ s supposed to do. This camera is great! Easy to set up. I am very happy with this camera. The App is so user friendly and easy to use! The night vision is awesome. The camera works great. I sent back for a refund. Very easy to setup. Video quality is good. The motion detection is good.
I use mine to drill holes in glass bottles. Perfect for small projects. I was impressed with this drill press. No wobble in the chuck. It's relatively quiet and smooth. Easy to assemble. This drill press will drill small straight holes. It was easy to put together. This is a good drill press for the price. I would recommend this drill press without any hesitation. For the price, it's a great drill press. Runs smooth and quiet. It is the cheapest drill press. Drill press.
Easy to install. I purchased 3 of these vanity mirrors for a DIY makeup mirror project. Once you realize you need to carefully pull each light Shroud off to remove the chrome cover. This was purchased along with a six light vanity strip to go across the top of the mirror. I ordered it twice and each time it came in a chrome blue color. I love it! The first one came damaged but was quickly replaced. I installed them in my bathroom over the mirror. It fitted existing vanity with perfection. I thought it was going to come with a cord, but it's very easy to install. Its a light fixture. Mainstream hardware store that starts with an L has an even better product for same price. The first item was dented in very visible places. Easy to build.
But it is very difficult to see the Keypad in the daytime. Ended up giving up on it and taking it out. They were supposed to send the other part but haven't. Now I'm stuck using a manual key on a Digital Keyless Doorlock. Both of them looks very clean, high Tech, and Minimalistic matching our modern design House perfectly. I watched the recommended Video and it was really easy to install. For starters the Keypad does not light up. I like the automatic lock when the door shuts. A beautiful Doorlock and loved using Samsung Digital locks in Korea. Install is straight forward, but be careful as the magnetic sensor clip is very weak and can break easily. After purchasing two, thinking that maybe I had a lemon on the first try, I ended up returning both, and going with a different brand. I love this and I ’ m not going back to a keyed Deadbolt! They fixed it for me and sent it back to me. This lock is amazing!
It is not very durable and it is not very large to balance or leverage heavier or larger items on. Front wheels are hard plastic. Easy to assemble. I have found the missing part. Usually they are so heavy they make the move twice the weight. I love this hand Truck/Cart!! Very sturdy and lightweight. Light weight and easy to use. This cart is perfect for what I need! I use it to move my generator so can't Vouch if it will actually handle 400 lbs. The frame is plastic and the wheels are plastic. This is a great Dolly for the price. This also has no strap to hold things on the truck.
U can still use this to convert it to determine the needs for your pants. The Temp measuring is a joke, it takes hours to Equlabrate, the sensor must be on the board, poor design. Hid Lux recommended: •Seedlings 5000-7000 Lux •Vegetation 15000-45000 Lux •Flower 45000-75000 Lux. The Readout automatically displays the exact number. I wondered if the light from the Lcd display would cause a false reading, especially at very low light levels. It auto ranges and the decimal point is tiny, so you have to be careful when reading, it moves to “ K ” without warning. Fyi the temperature reading is in centigrade and I haven ’ t been able to get it to read Farenehight ... I mainly use it for checking the lighting for my plants. This is the first light sensor I've used, so I'm not sure if it's unique to this one, or all sensors. The meter is well designed, easy to use, and seems accurate, at least enough for my use. The accuracy is going to be off if you are measuring led this is for sunlight and hid Ie. The built in Thermometerreads 6 degrees f too high and cannot be calibrated (nothing in the instructions about it). Would of gave it a five Star if I didn't have to mess with getting correct manual. Mh and or Hps.
Seriously well designed smart switch product. With the smart switch, you can use voice or hit the switch with no problems. This is my second Kasa switch I purchased for my house. The Dimmer didn ’ t work at all. Very happy with this high quality smart light switch. -Easy to install. Works perfect with Alexa for Diming and setting the mood of the room. Works great with Alexa. I am happy with the switch, the Kasa App, and integration with Alexa. The App is easy to install and use. I have this switched integrated to our Google home units. As advertised, the switch was very easy to install. Great Dimmer switch. I just wish they do a 3-Way Dimmer, so far only single pole Dimmers from Kasa.
Easy to fold. Folds easily. I love the ease of this push cart. Easy to assemble. It is sturdy and well made. It is easy to push around and fits nicely in my car. Love this cart. I've used it for so many things already and it's only been here a week. Rolls easily and smoothly. I moved hundreds of boxes and other large items to heavy to carry on my own. Love this Dolly! Very difficult to attach wheels and is very noisy when it is in motion. This is a great cart. Easy to load and maneuver.
I love this screw driver. I love this Screwdriver. Took some getting used to the Gyroscopic controls. It's a great little power screw driver. Great tool. This is the first Cordless Screwdriver I have used in years. Battery lasts a long time. The battery indicator is great, having two batteries helps. I love this driver. Takes a little getting used to. Powerful enough to screw a 2 inch screw into a 2X4. Plenty of torque. Battery life is short. Great little Screwdriver.
But they are not dark enough to view the sun. They are perfect for that. The nose bridge is a little odd but it's adjustable, and probably not too hard to replace with something more comfortable. Always adjust to fit and don't step them on super tight. Tl; Dr: you want good goggles, these are good goggles! Not recommended for wearing on your face or going outside in, especially not at night. Has adjustable elastic strap for the band that goes around your head. Clear lenses scratched one another up pretty badly. So happy with these goggles. The nose piece can be tightened or loosened. However, they look cool, and they are pretty affordable. Bought these as an early attempt at Motorcycle/Steampunk goggles. They're cool, and when you wear the over your eyes you can look at any light directly without it hurts your eyes. They are a little uncomfortable to wear.
Has slots on side to add ear protection. Comfortable Headband. Well balanced. These are very sturdy hard hats ordered a couple dozen for our company. Great looking hard hat. If you don't replace our Hardhat suspensions then these are a good Hardhat. It saved me from serious injury. Nice shape, doesn't look as Dorky as other brands. This hat feels durable and will last you a long time. Fits great. Product is lightweight which is nice. Fit and quality is just as good as all my other MSA Hardhats. Awesome hard hat!! Comfortable and well put together.
Very easy to install. It leaks everywhere. The water tastes great! We have been using the Pur filters for years. It fit my faucet easily without any difficulty. Just a better filter and value than competitors. After about 60 days, it spontaneously cracked and water started shooting out of the side. It won't last past that, the plastic is cheaply built and starts Spurting water everywhere once it Sprouts a leak which it will inevitably do. Only changed the filter once. The replacement failed in the exact same way. I have used Pur faucet filters for about 14 years. The first one lasted for several years. Within a week it started spraying water from the connection between the filter and faucet attachment.
These Dewalt tools are great. Battery life is terrible. I bought these as a replacement to an older drill. Light weight and powerful. Definitely holds a charge longer. I got this for my father-in-law as a gift and he finally APPROVES of me. The battery life is great. You can't go wrong with Dewalt. I also like the carrying case it came with. Long battery life and relatively fast charging time. Great drills. It's Dewalt. The impact driver works great, if you need that.
I'm a residential Electrician, and this tool is just about perfect for my job. Mine came with two batteries, which is great for pretty lengthy use. A battery, that by itself costs about $29, should have been tested. He has tried lots of other power Drills/Screwdrivers and this one is by far the best!! This tool is one of the most handiest tools in my box. I love it because of its compact design and superb build quality. The only thing is it is not an impact driver. I got this to replace a big Festool driver with similar heads. Battery life is incredible. Take a look at photos. However, it is nice to have all of them in the same set. Nice little drill. I purchased this drill to have in my small travel trailer for extended trips and so I wouldn't have to borrow my husbands Cordless drill. This is another outstanding Bosch product, the drill is lightweight and powerful, very easy to hold.
The noise, or Speaker part of the Pager, is in the center of our home on the fireplace mantel and can be heard everywhere! I have one in the bathroom and one in my room. #peace of mind! Bought for my mom. We out one of the call buttons on a Lanyard for him to wear around his neck and it works perfectly. I use this for my mom. The range was excellent!!! I live with and take care of my elderly mother. Every Caregiver should have this! It is very loud. I purchased this for my mom who lives in our basement to use when she needs us. They just push the button and it rings whereever you are. I have a mother who is sick and has trouble getting around the house. This item is very helpful.
Everything can be controlled from the nest App. The lock still works using the master code but you have to connect to Wifi in order to add personalized pass codes with the App. It connects with Google home App and it ’ s very easy to install! I especially like the privacy feature on the lock. The nest home that we connected to the lock was giving me issues upon initial setup. I love this lock. No key needed and can lock it from Bed-Well anywhere pretty much! Install and setup was easy. The lock is good enough. Besides that, failed to connect to nest connect after installation completed. In addition, I can Lock/Unlock from anywhere with the nest App on my phone. Connection to the nest App was difficult since the lock connects through a Wireless bridge: nest sense. I love all of the nest products except this one. At one point you need to Scan a Qr code to install the lock on your App.
They also work perfectly with Alexa. Setup couldn ’ t of been simpler and the App is extremely user friendly. I love being able to control my lights in my house by phone. When I dont want to talk like during a movie I use the App to dim the lights or turn them off. This was one of the easiest smart home devices to set up. I can control them using Siri and apple home kit, or with Google assistant using Google home. Works great with Alexa. Very easy to set up with my Google assistant. Easy to set up and work great. 😍 love 👍🏼 easy installation. Love the hue system. In the hue App you can set the dimming percentage to your preference. Connected the Hub to my home network, it updated and was ready to go in around 5Min. Use remote, App and Alexa to control the lighting.
Very happy with this punch. Easy to use. Makes nice, clean holes. Works great. I used this to punch holes in a leather belt that I was Repurposing as straps for a basket. The punches are sharp. Punches nice clean holes. Two belts adjusted and back together within five minutes! The instructions say to place a piece of cardboard between the item to be punched and the metal plate under the punch. I have made additional holes in my belts and straps of my shoes with no issues. This tool is amazing!!! Very nice perfect holes with no irregularities or issues. Used to add holes in a reasonably thick belt. I have punched holes in belts that are too big.
I ’ ve removed the flow Restrictor too. I live in an area where the water has so much chlorine in it that it makes my skin and hair very dry. Our water is extremely hard. Bought this to replace an old filtered shower head. You can feel it with your skin, and with your hair. Noticed the difference in the water. The water pressure is horrible. Love this shower head. This has made a huge difference in my skin and hair. Water pressure is great. My hair doesn't shed at all anymore and I've had it for going on 4 months and haven't had to replace the filter yet. I have been using this since 2015. I initially removed the flow Restrictor and it has great pressure. I bought a Culligan filter because I've had their whole house installations (tank) and found them effective.
It has several brightness settings, but defaults to the lowest setting after several seconds. Very bright. I didn't like the fact that it doesn't come with a battery or charger. This makes it so when clearing a room you have to leave the light on constantly which exposes your position. Great light! Perfect for Edc. But it is not a rechargeable flashlight. The light works, but can't change the brightness. Best flashlight I've ever Had/Used. Wonderful and powerful flashlight! Love this flashlight! The Rechargable battery is $23 with the charger. The battery life is atrocious!!! This is the 3RD light that I purchased and all of them are awesome!
Highly recommend it. Easy to install. Great grab bars! This grab bar is attractive and I love the stainless finish. Love the mounting brackets. He needed a special drill bit for the porcelain tile. It installed easily in less than a half hour. Easy to keep clean. I have an elderly relative who needed this bar and I had a carpenter install it in that person ’ s shower stall. I purchased two of these bars for my parents bathrooms. So this was great to have in the shower. Btw, it works great as a towel bar as well! I wanted a grab bar that would screw into the studs in the wall and this worked perfectly. My maintenance person installed it through the tile into the studs, and I can't Express how much safer it has made my bathing.
Very easy to install. This product has been a good replacement. I removed the motor and fan from the old fan box, and replace it with the motor and fan out of the new fan box. This is a basic, cheap and dependable fan. Just remove the motor and fan plate and pop into the old ceiling box. If you have a large bathroom to vent, you will need a bigger fan. I needed to replace an existing worn-out and very noisy fan. Probably not the highest end model but I wasn't looking for that. This was the original fan (part number slightly different but indicated as the replacement) our builder used 13 years ago. Cheaply made compared to the Nutone it replaced. This was a replacement and fit perfectly. It is a little loud but it has great suction. Installing it tomorrow so I will update if there are any issues. I bought two of these to replace the motor on my 20 year old bathroom fans.
I'm using this for RC cars and it's almost perfect. This is the best power Screwdriver if you are using it for RC. Battery life is excellent. I love this driver! Speaking of light, the light on this unit has a separate button which comes in very handy. Great tool. Speed and torque setting just like a power drill make this a winner. Don't expect to use it to remove hour tires, but it has plenty of torque for general around the House use. I've used the driver a few times and I like it. Very nice drill driver. Great Handheld power Screwdriver. The one thing it needs is a variable speed instead of two speeds. The spare battery and charger means that there is never Down-Time. This is a great Screwdriver to have around the house.
Very strong. I use the straps to secure my bicycles to the frame of my pick-up truck tray bed when travelling. I bought these to secure a riding Lawnmower to a trailer. These are great basic Tie-Down straps. Sturdy and easy to use. Easy to use! These were the first time I ever used Ratchet straps. Great straps for the value. Now I am about to trailer my new airplane home from Tennessee. Highly recommend. Worked great! I used them to tie down some furniture and heavy boxes in a U-Haul box truck over 200 miles. These Tie-Down straps are strong and easy to use. Not Bungee cords.
Sliced through like butter. The safety trip lever is easy to activate and then turn on the trigger switch. Has a brake so blade stops once you let go of the trigger. And not having to drag out an extension cord every time I want to make a cut is terrific. It cuts through 2X treated lumber like butter! This 20V Li-Ion circular saw is perfectly sized, portable, powerful, and Li-Lon batteries last longer and charge faster. Love this saw! Awesome Cordless circular saw. High quality tool, cuts 2X4S and 3/4" " Hpvc boards like butter. I love all my 20-Volt Dewalt tools! I used the 20V 1.5 Ah batteries that came with my Dewalt drill. This is my second Dewalt circular saw. A 6.5 ” blade is used with this circular saw. All in all this saw works great.
Update, ordered a 2ND one, same problem, frozen Chuck. I had a Cordless before and decided to get this for uniformity. The black and Decker matrix series is amazing. I am a contractor, and I use this, and the battery version every day. Tons of torque. Very powerful. Nice variable speed control. So I went to the impact driver attachment and that works much better. I love this tool. I'm looking forward to buy other attachments for it. I will keep using the Cordless one on difficult to reach sites, Screwing and light drilling. Great drill. Only corded drill I have found with a clutch on it like the Cordless drills. I am so glad I got the corded version of this drill.
Wish the projection was a little brighter. The flakes were faint. It might work if you use two units that are 12 feet away. Does not project well. On top of that I cannot figure out how to assemble the stake mechanism to the light fixture itself. Wish we received what the 5 Star users got!!! You could see the snowflakes as long as you were about 20 ft from the house. It ’ s flimsy. The lights were so dim I had to put it about 3 feet from the wall. Even at only a few feet away you can hardly tell it ’ s on! This is way too expensive for this and you would need 10 of them to light up the front of your house. Being returned. The bad: the light display is small. Can barely see them.
It works way better than Blacklights at lighting up Glow-In-The-Dark and fluorescent things. I've found that wood stain shows up with the light so it is harder to find Pee spots on hardwood floors but it is doable. I used it with my carpet cleaner guy and all stains are gone! On the floor not always as easy to detect. Without the book, it is not helpful since it Illuminates everything. Bought Peedar 2.0 thanks to Erica. Manipulating angle of light also helps.). Shows everything else though. The Short-Wavelength Uv works much better in Low-Light (not totally dark) conditions compared to the big commercial lights. The paint glowed. Enter the 'Peedar'! It really works! The Peedar flashlight is very effective and we were able to determine the "trouble" spot for our Newly-Adopted cat with surprising ease. It is small, but works.
It is very quiet. Kind of noisy, but effective. The Broan range hood is great. The fan is loud. I needed a hood insert for a custom hood I was building and this didn't disappoint. It moves a good amount of air for the given noise level. Even on the highest fan speed, its very quiet and keeps my stove area vented really well. One blower motor failed within 6 Mo. When we were doing the design for the new kitchen this was a must have. Fan works very well. This fan works well & it's at half the price of the other products I was considering buying. More noise when it is on high than low. The fan is very powerful and works great. The fan is powerful and has several speeds.
Very bright light. My wife saw the ad for this, and said "I want one". Has 5 modes, but you need to cycle through them one by one. Very bright little flashlight. Just Becareful not to flash someone in the eyes, as it does hurt! I received the flashlight on time. I love this flashlight. It doesn't arrive as shown, it came in a plain white box with no instructions. Received product in the mail and it did not work. I've already contacted Bell + Howell and notified corporate of Whoever this company is. In addition, once you get back to the steady beam, sometimes it starts flashing on and off. This light is amazing. You cant put the Lanyard around your wrist and hold the flashlight. Seems as advertised.
Looks great. The glass shades should last indefinitely. Easy to assemble. Easy to put together!! The base is very heavy. Well packaged and easy to assemble. Looks nice. It is attractive as well. I love this floor lamp. Very happy with this lamp. Love the lamp. I love this lamp! Like the reading light.
Just make sure to read thru the instructions if you are unsure about anything. Unfortunately, it also got the dreaded low battery issue. Programming was very easy. Love the Digital Readout. I have 3 different models of the Lux thermostats, and I'm hoping they don't all have this issue. Luckily it was still compatible with our heater. One issue - which at this point is completely typical with Amazon and it's hidden data etc. I especially like the fact that it lights up the display when you push one of the buttons. I am using 2 rechargeable AA Ni-Mh batteries (Eneloops) and they have lasted for over a year. - is that I thought I was buying a Tx500Ue, but it's just a Tx500U. Super simple installation and function. This one does one program for M-F and one program for S-S. My husband tested the batteries and they are good. Replaced an old Lux 500 (Tx500Pb) with this one, a Tx500U, and it works great.
The handle covers are staying in place so far, unlike the cheaper brands. Like the comfort grip. I'm happy to have gotten them. Easy to use, nice coated handles. They cut comfortably. These are made to higher quality standards - these hinge and slide precisely and feel great in my hand. They cut. Only good for smaller wire. The grip is great, the cutting edge is tough. Made in China. They cut well, feel good in the hand. The tip broke off ... I use them to cut things like steel or SS welding rod, fence wire and so on. I am happy with these.
They told me to get this model and it will do everything I will ever need a home power tool for. Most places I found will sell the battery alone for almost the same price for this package. Especially for the price. Great tool. Impact driver. The drill is awesome, built like a tank, and never falter. Now I have to see what Makita will do for me. Can't figure out how it is supposed to be 2 speed and variable. Very powerful and the batteries last a very long time. Wish I would have owned this earlier as it is very handy to have on hand. But I will say that this is now my very favorite tool - and I have a lot of tools! Long battery life! There is plenty of power in this light weight easy to handle Drill/Driver. I did not like this when I first bought it, but it is now my go to screw gun.
I don't use them to walk miles and miles in the snow, that's what snow shoes and Skis are for. Fabulous boots with some Caveats. Was not even remotely water resistant (let alone water proof). I would definitely recommend these boots. He says his feet stay warm and dry. Love these boots. Keeps out all snow and rain, etc. They are the perfect travel boot. My husband wanted these to wear over his dress shoes and suit pants. This was the only boot I could find that said it would fit over a us men ’ s size 14 shoe, and it fit perfectly. The upper part is quite roomy for easy entry and removal but doesn't properly tighten up (not enough Velcro). It is supposed to rain tonight. Love how they keep my feet warm and dry. I am trudging around in the mud and snow in Park city, Utah and no complaints!
This is my first Scroll saw. If you are looking for a Scroll saw for small projects such as mine, this is a great Scroll saw at a great price. Other than that it works great. Without that pin, tension cannot be added, meaning that the tool is 100% useless without a Jury-Rigged solution. For the life of me I could not get the pin less blade holders to work. Ive used it to cut 2" hardwood guitar body cavities and its up to the task. The vibration is very high. Wen has done a great job with this saw. I have zero experience with Scroll saws but after some Youtube videos and a couple practice scraps I had it down. Cuts well, a little hard to change the blades but after you do it a few times, not so bad. This is a great Scroll saw for the beginner. It is easy to use and quiet. Good saw. The Wen Scroll saw.
I have not broken any and they have not damaged any fasteners. Get the attachments to slap these on an impact driver and it can save you so much time. Standard and metric. Believe the other pictures posted of the broken bits. I however have not broken any from this set. Nice case. I also have a set of Neiko Torx bits. I'm an Electrician, and doing any work on big service equipment, there are a lot of HEX drive Lugs. This is a good quality set of HEX bits. This is a great set of sockets. If I'm on a job and a tool breaks, I'm losing more money than just for the tool. This is a complete set. The hinges are thin plastic and don ’ t feel like they will last long.
The suction cups also suck. Very loud! I bought these alarms in October after a leak in my Dishwasher caused damaged to my wood floor. When I tested it. Using for my Sump pump. In our Condo, the hot water heater is in the foyer closet. One for near the water heater, under the kitchen sink, under Fridge and one near the Cloths washer. I bought these when we first moved into our new house about 2 years ago and completely forgot about them. Woke me up in the middle of the night after a water pipe burst. Gives peace of mind. I just installed a reverse Osmosis system and a mat to catch the water. It went off recently, and I discovered that my hot water heater had a small leak. We can hear the alarm in the basement on the second floor. I have them under the kitchen sink, under the water heater in the attic, and by our clothes washing machine.
I have a screen door for my apartment now. Very easy to install. It definitely needs more Magnets to keep bugs out. I like my single (glass) patio door and didn't want to add a screen door. It keeps the bugs out. But that's it .... wouldn't stay closed! The screen works great. With only one magnet in the center, it also buckles open in the center at the slightest breeze. This screen is the best! It opens and closes easily without the use of hands. However, there are only Magnets in the middle and bottom of the screen. The Magnets are strong, and the bottom is weighted. The Magnets always find each other and it closes back perfectly Everytime. And even if the screen closes properly next time I walk through the Magnets are so strong they pull the Velcro off the sides.
Doesn't stay on for the whole night. Love the lighting effect. About 1/3 of the lights would only stay lit for several hours. I love these lights!! Easy to assemble. I have had much better solar lights in the past. If you turn the switch on and off, they'll turn on for a couple of minutes and then turn off again. The lights are great. The lifetime warranty is bogus!! Great customer service. I have been waiting for a dependable, attractive, led, solar powered light for quite some time. Most of the solar led lights have same problem. They are nice and bright. Great solar lights!
They do not stay in your ear. Other Earbuds don't stay in my ears, but these do. The ear plugs are comfortable and very effective. If there is a loud noise you can hear it just in case of an emergency. They are very comfortable. As promised, I didn't hear the city noises and slept great! I finally got ear plugs. The Earbuds worked great and blocked out most noise. So I am desperate to find some Earplugs that really worked. They do not even reduce the sound of him snoring. These foam ear plugs fit well and worked as expected. It barely stays in my ears. Leaves me with a much better sleep. They are soft in the ear and just liked them.
Easy to install. These lights are great! I love these lights. Love the remote. Battery life. Perfect under cabinet lighting. I am using these light about 15-30 min at a time. Got for under my kitchen cabinets. These lights are awesome. I put them under my kitchen cabinets. The remote control is amazing. They are nice and bright. I love these little lights!!! Purchase these lights!
Makes moving so much easier. Might be a great product if you are a very small person, only fits up to a 44 in chest. They are great & we ’ ve moved so much that we otherwise would not be able too. Kind of hard to put harness on if you have a belly. These helped tremendously to move a washer and dryer. Makes lifting couches and dressers much easier. These straps are a must have for moving heavy items. I have a bad back and had a friend helping me move all my furniture for a Remodel. Moving is a pain in the rear normally but this product made it much more tolerable. This makes moving Large/Bulky items like a washer so much easier. These lifting straps work well. They kept sliding off our shoulders and didn't allow for any adjustments based on the size of the person wearing them. We had 3 large pieces of furniture to move. My wife is 100 lbs and it helped her to picked up an entire couch with such ease.
I also noticed I needed to bend the ends slightly to align the tips. Made in USA. Quality tools from Lang as usual. You need the right tool for the job. I'm a forklift mechanic for crown lift trucks. These snap ring pliers are a great value for the money. They work good. Really nice set of tools, quality made. However I received two of the same 45 degree angle pliers part number 3490. The tips are the weakest part of the tool. Nice carry case fits nice in tool box professional. I run a part time Autorepair shop and I was constantly going thru tips with my snap ring pliers. They are stamped steel. These pliers are the same as the Snap-On set.
