We purchased the Honeywell RCWL330A1000/N Premium Wireless Door Chime, along with an extra doorbell for the back door. I installed the doorbell that came with the unit in the front door and got a second one for the back door. We have three of these throughout the house and it works great, let you know when someone is at the door. Great Door Bell the Honeywell P4-Premium Portable Wireless Door Chime, you can use this device in a apartment or single family home. I got the wireless door chime because my house was not wired for a door bell. The wireless door chime replaced a broken wired doorbell and I can't be more satisfied. GREAT range -- can be placed much further from the wireless doorbell button than any other unit I've owned. When our original WIRED doorbell stopped working, AND after wasting half a day trying to repair it, I ordered the WIRELESS Honeywell Door Chime/Strobe from Amazon.
great drill press and the laser light is a big plus it takes about 15 minutes to assemble ,wear safety glasses and gloves before drilling ! This drill press has good quality for its price. This drill press is great for the price. Great drill press, breeze to Assembly, the only thing the Laser does not work replaced batteries with new still no go, to much trouble to send back i will keep it This drill press is built to a price. What a great drill press at an awesome price! For a small drill press, this works great. This is an awesome drill press for the price.
This unit will chew anything you put in the sink: we love it and it is worth every penny to have a quality, very quiet, garbage disposal unit. I love this disposer it does everything I could want, quiet operation, excellent food disposal. It’s super quiet, for a garbage disposal and very standard / easy to install. The disposal unit is extremely quiet. This thing is quiet, powerful and works very well for its disposal work. This disposal is extremely quiet and was simple to install. Replaced an 18 yr old InSinkErator disposal and big concern was a quiet unit. Well worth the $$ for such a quiet disposal
The lights look great however the bulbs do not last. Great lights, the bulbs give just enough light without being too bright. Love these lights but 4 of the bulbs did not work right out of the box. The lights are great very nice quality. Great quality lights. Great quality lights!!! Great quality lights. I love the lights so much , they look great , however , bulbs are constantly going out , I’ve had these lights since August 8, and have already had to replace 11 bulbs !
Great lamp, sturdy, nice finish, bright enough for a not very big desk. Great little light. Great light. Otherwise great light. Great light. Great light. I love this lamp on my desk. I love this desk lamp.
My SentrySafe Pistol Safe, Quick Access Biometric Gun Safe, Single Gun Capacity, QAP1BE is just the opposite of the first safe meaning it Opens the first time every time{so far}, with it's fingerprint scanner which makes it Reliable which is what You need in case of an emergency ! I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this safe to anyone looking for a quick access, biometric safe. The safe was easy to program with both finger and button access. I have another brand of safe and you have to hold your finger in place until the safe opens. Happy with the Sentry Safe Biometric Quick Access Pistol Safe. This gun safe is very easy to use and the speed and ease of the one finger opening is why I purchased this safe The safe is a good size, and the finger print access is really nice. This is a great fingerprint gun safe!
The Arlo Q plus is a excellent camera with 1080p picture, What I like it about it's easy to setup and the installation process is easy, I really love the crisp and sharp picture and video, it's has excellent night vision and the camera quality is great! This seems like a great camera and I love all my other arlo cameras. I highly recommend this camera and the ARLO brand to anyone seeking an affordable, reliable, and quality picture/sound camera device. After purchasing multiple foreign manufactured cameras with less than capable software and difficult setup, I found Arlo... Trust a long time security camera user....Buy this camera once and you won't be disappointed. Love this camera and my other two outdoor Arlo cameras. I install security cameras as part of my small business and I would say that the Arlo camera system is probably the best out there in terms of picture and sound quality. Having both cameras (wired and wireless) I can definitely say that Arlo Q serious is a better camera all around. I already own the Arlo Pro wireless camera system and added this camera to my system.
Love this little drill press works great for my needs got it at a great price. Very good drill press for the price and I've had two others before. This is a good drill press for the price. For the price this drill press is very good. For the price, this is a good working drill press. Great little drill press for the price. Great drill press for the price. Great drill press for the price.
The fixture is easy to install and looks nice above the vanity. The vanity light looks great in my bathroom and it was easy to install. Check out my video I just made using these lights  "DIY: Vanity Mirror w/ Lights| 4theloveofkelz" ("4theloveofkelz" on Youtube) If you are looking for a chrome light fixture above a vanity area about 50 to 60 inches wide, this would probably work. Great vanity lights for the price, and the wiring isnt hard all you need to do it just cut a piece of cord and connect to the light wires with wiring caps. In each vanity though ( I bought 3 total) at least one of the I assume ceramic light fixture had broken pieces. put LED vanity light bulbs and it is lovely over the mirror These strip lights turned out amazing for my vanity mirror!
Overall I love this lock and it works great. Not able to lock the door, though. Lock works great. I also like that all I have to do to lock the door outside is touch the screen, then I can hear it lock. Someone could break the glass and open the lock, otherwise, this is an excellent lock for a solid door. I bought SHS-P717 for entry door lock (mortises style) and this one for garage into house door lock for its traditional deadbolt style lock. I’m sure it’s a great lock, but if you have a door with holes already cut, expect this lock WILL NOT FIT. Sometimes the auto lock doesn't work too well when the door is closed too tightly and the alarm goes off when the turnkey is used and door opened too quickly, but effective door lock and easy to use.
Very easy to put together, can use as either hand truck or flat cart with the four wheels. What I dislike about the dolly is that the 2 front wheels do not move freely and doesn't move at all. Although the dolly wheels are relatively heavy duty, the swivel wheels for the cart are cheap plastic and easily buckled with less then 100 pounds on the cart. I was happy to find a hand truck with solid wheels. Best portable, super strong dolly/hand truck/cart I've found. A nice light weight helper to move heavy objects around the house, very sturdy hand truck. Plastic wheels are not what I prefer on a heavy duty dolly. I recently moved into a new house, and I needed a hand truck to move boxes around.
I recommend this product.This also gives indoor temperature.This light meter covers the basics well, and I used it for LED lighting work. I use this meter in my office.Great value for the money and reliable,fast & easy to use. Useful and accurate, this light meter has been useful for measuring Lux as I get into growing my own vegetables and being self sustaining! The meter is well designed, easy to use, and seems accurate, at least enough for my use. It is difficult to read the meter while taking the reading . Great product, easy to use. This meter works, but I don't know how accurate it is, since I don't have a reference. The unit was sent with instructions for their sound level meter.
Very well made switch easy to install and works great with Alexa. The switch works with the app and Alexa, it just wont dim. This Kasa smart dimmer switch was easy to install. Installed my new TP-Link Kasa Smart Dimmer Switch and I must say directions were easy to follow and easy to add to Alexa!!! This is a good dimmer switch that works with Alexa. This is a good smart dimmer that is easy to install and sync with Alexa and the Kasa app. The app made it very easy to install the switch and we love it. I installed this switch to replace a standard dimmer switch, so that I can control it with either my phone or Alexa.
None of the screws and bolts came with my cart to assemble the wheels. Great little cart, easy to assemble the wheels. Like any new cart or dolly with swivel wheels it works best with some load. The quality of the cart is good but the bolts for the wheels fall off in use. This cart can hold plenty of weight and had no issues with the wheels. I love the size of the cart, the bigger wheels are good on the ground. Never loaded the cart above what it is rated for and the wheels simply cannot handle nearly the weight they should. Received the push cart quickly and assembled the wheels easily.
The 8V battery is strong enough to screw in/out the screws you are most likely to use this tool on. my favorite tool, just remember this is only to replace your regular screwdriver not your drill or impact driver. You would think for a screw gun you wouldn't be able to drill much with it, but this tool has power! Dewalt 8V screwdriver is a must have tool, great Dewalt quality. Its a great tool and it comes with a extra battery. Super awesome and better screwdriver tool I ever had! This is the best cordless screwdriver ever made easy to use long battery life and the gyroscopic feature works perfect. This replaced an older Dewalt battery screwdriver.
The chain across the nose makes them adjustable for comfort, and the lens frames unscrew to allow you to change out the lenses -- go darker for heavier welding protection, or add colored lenses for an excellent steampunk or post-apocalyptic costume touch. You get what you pay for and these are definitely 6 dollar welding goggles.. they do not fit snugly around the eyes allowing light in, the lenses are hardly darker than sunglasses. cheap elastic - probably more of steampunk costume item - I would not use these as cutting torch goggles I didn’t do much welding with these goggles, but they did look great with my homemade ghostbusters costume! A bit uncomfortable to wear, and the clear lenses that come with the goggles are foggy and useless. Otherwise they fit fine and they are versatile as welding goggles or just protective eye wear. You can buy some cheap plastic costume goggles for twice the price, or get the real deal for less. I turned them into Steampunk goggles for my Halloween costume, and they turned out great :)
Don't like the fit so much...but to be fair, that probably has more to do with my head than the hard hat. My first hard hat.Great fit, comfortable to wear and light! Hard hat works great, MSA makes a great product, as comfortable as you can get. a whole lot more comfortable than my last hard hat Was kind of skeptical about buying a hard hat that I couldn't feel and see that was right in front of me but I really like the feel as I wear it on my head and makes me look professional on the job site. Very comfortable and durable hard hat. Good price and a high quality hard hat. Great hard hat, light weight, comfortable, durable, useful, and at a great price compared to same hard hat going at around $45 in stores near me.
Good water filter and easy to install. I love having my water filter right on my faucet. I love my Faucet Water Filter! Not sure if its just an old water faucet or if its the filter. This is exactly what I've been looking for in a faucet water filter. This is my 4th (and last) Faucet water filter. Great water filter. Great water filter.
These dewalt combo drill and driver/impact works great and the battery life is very good.. Bought dewalt drill and impact drill with 2 20’volt batteries and a charger. I wanted to like this drill set because it was a good price and I own a lot of Dewalt tools that I love. I bought this set to replace a 15 year old Dewalt battery powered drill. I love this drill set by DeWalt. High quality drill/driver kit as can be expected with Dewalt products. This is the most useful tool set you will ever have, impact drive, drill, and batteries and charger. My old DeWalt drill did not have the same feel, drive action and battery performance as this one and the impact driver.
Really like the drill and all the different options, wish it had some more power to it. During the two months I have been using this Bosch, it has become my favorite drill. This Bosch is so much better and I am so pleased about this drill!! This drill is far more powerful for the above jobs then you will need, I never wished it had more power. This is another outstanding Bosch product, The drill is lightweight and powerful, very easy to hold. Little less power than expected, however it is smaller than a typical drill But it's perfect to have in your tool kit if you don't always want to lug a heavier 20V drill and impact driver with you. Best small drill set for the money that I could find.
She has used the button to call me and the alarm is loud. I take care of my elderly Mother who lives with me and this call button works great. I am able to leave the push button call in the house and go all the way to the end of my acre (outside) and the alarm works. Works very well, even when the call button is on one side of my house and the receiver is at the other end. This call button is perfect for my Mom to alert me that she needs my help. Only works when the call button is right next to the receiver. It is easy for my 97 year old Mom to push the button and easy for us in our 60s with some diminished hearing to hear the call. My wife has to wear the call button at all times and the alarm mode is very loud, easily heard even when asleep.
Absolutely love my Nest lock. The lock works great and was super easy to install. Took me 15 minutes to remove old lock and install new Nest x Yale lock. They were nice enough, but in the end the lock won’t connect to the nest am so the entire reason I bought it (to have remote control of the lock) is worthless. I like how the door locks automatically and how I can lock and unlock the with the nest app Love this door lock! Excellent door lock, it does what it says, easy to install took me less than 10 minutes. In addition, I can lock/unlock from anywhere with the Nest app on my phone.
Easy to use smart bulbs and work great with Alexa. When trying to turn off via app or Alexa, bulbs turn off but then back on again. Very easy to set up in the home / within the alexa app. Must link bulbs to your Alexa APP as well. I love being about to ask the lights to be dimmed and since they are in a ceiling fan with 3 bulbs I can ask Alexa to turn off specific bulbs if I go to sleep before my husband. I love that I can control them with my Alexa or with the Hue app. These bulbs work better with Google that Alexa but over all better than other bulbs that I have tried. Phillips Hue bulbs and Alexa are the best!
I needed to punch some new holes in my leather belt cause I’m getting fat, this tool worked great. I made a belt for my wife, using this tool to punch the holes in thick real leather. You can punch holes for numerous things such as belts, watch straps, anything that can take a hole punching from this tool. I tried it out on an old leather belt first and it worked surprisingly well - left a clean hole and was very easy to punch. I admit that this tool will not be used too often but when you really need something to punch holes on belt or something in leather, nothing can replace it. I have so many belts that I don’t wear bc there isn’t enough holes... what took me so long to buy a hole punch!!? Bought this to punch new holes in my leather belts. If you need to punch holes in leather, then this is the tool for it!
I would highly recommend it to anyone with hard water, or anyone just wanting to filter their shower water! I have been using this shower head for a couple of months and it has made such a difference in my hair and skin. It is so heavy and I like to have the water running where I want it not shower where the water chooses to run.It is a nice feature to have filtered shower water but it does get annoying that the head is so heavy it loses it's main purpose..I have to sit under a perpendicular strain of water right next to the wall fixture because the support is not able to hold the shower head in the position that I want it to be.So it's like a "sad" all the time shower head..lol.Don't know about the water quality as I live in Washington state and the water it's pretty clean here...Maybe is just a luxury Using this shower head with filter I feel like I can get my hair clean, without and residue left. Works beautifully for a filtered water shower as we have really hard water here. This shower has no water pressure! I guess I didnt think about the filter in this thing cutting the water pressure to about half of what a regular shower head gives. However In ONE shower I could tell a huge difference in my hair, skin, and shower walls!!
It is a very nice, light and very bright flashlight. Tiny flashlight but BRIGHT BRIGHT light. Great quality flashlight and super bright as well. This thing is the best small flashlight is it’s size and that it is bright. This is one amazing flashlight extremely bright the Tactical strobe is extremely bright and very disorienting I would highly recommend you buy this flashlight I thought it was supposed to come with the fenix rechargeable battery i only received the flashlight and when i got some batteries for it only the back on/off button worked the top silver button to change the settings on it does not work Super bright flashlight and light weight for gun mounting. This flashlight is very well made and BRIGHT!
This grab bar was well made , very sturdy, and a good value, It was easy to install with the screws provided Very nice shower installed grab bar. Easy to install grab bar for added safety in the shower area! Bar was easy to install just hit two studs the screws are included. Moen 8724 Home 24-Inch Bathroom Grab Bar, Stainless was not easy to install. We also have a 36" Moen grab bar, being used in the shower. Fit perfect as a safety grab bar in my new shower. The grab bar would have been easier to install if the screws weren’t so cheap.
Not that easy to fit in the box of the bathroom ceiling fan but works fine. Great fan, Easy to install. Great little fan that was easy to install. Great fan for the price works and looks great. This is a great fan and was easy to install. Easy to install (replaced a very loud fan). Actually used the fan component from this product and replaced the broken fan motor in my bathroom fans. I really needed to replace my bathroom fan & got this.
They are great little tool.light weight,good battery life and they torque the screws down just right. Quality tool with great battery life and plenty of torque. Works well; plenty of power for such a small tool and excellent battery life. This electric screwdriver works well, and the second battery is coming handy when you have extra work to do while the first battery is still charging. The batteries don’t last and the driver has no torque at all. There are many times I don't need the power of an impact driver and I can't fit a drill where my handy hitachi is perfect. Torque is great, angle works perfect and battery last long time. Not a lot of torque and not what you'll use for heavy-duty work, but it's a perfect addition to using a power drill/driver.
The ratchet tie down straps are great, and I use them to secure many things in my truck bed These ratchet tie down straps worked great for my recent move. I was shipping a motorcycle inside a uhaul truck and needed to secure it - and these ratchet tie down straps were GREAT! These straps were used to tie down tables in my truck and they worked fine. Solid, I used the straps to tie a refrigerator to a dolly and to strap into a truck. The tie down ratchet straps were perfect to secure a heavy-duty storage shed that I needed to move. Use ratchet straps to tie down furniture while moving it. Once I followed the provided instructions, the ratchet tie down straps worked like a dream.
I am using the really small battery from my DeWalt drill. Love Dewalt, this circular saw is powerful and battery life gets small Jobs complete Love the convenience and power (especially when paired with the DeWalt 5.0Ah battery). great little tool, bought is because I have others with the same battery I had a spare battery from my impact Dewalt to use with this (as it does not come with a battery, as stated). Big battery go everything cut. Cuts great good power as long as the battery has a single bar of power. Out of the 5 dealt battery power tools, this saw is the only one that eats battery power.
Love this little drill for it's price and power. Already own the 20V Matrix Cordless drill but at times need the power of corded drill, my 23 year old corded drill gave out and I needed a new one. Good drill for home use because it is more powerful than the average cordless drill and you won’t have to bother with an extension cord 90% of the time. Has a lot of power and being able to use other tools besides a drill is very handy. The drill works well, but I bought it for the fact that it can use many different attachments. Nice power drill. Great drill and the attachments are perfect size for do it your self projects. This drill is not too heavy to hold, but it has the power I needed.
It’s nice but not bright enough, really hard to see on the house Not very bright on the front of the house. This ALOVECO Christmas Snowflake Projector Lights Outdoor, Rotating LED Snowfall Projection Lamp with Remote Control, Waterproof Sparkling Landscape Decorative Lighting for Holiday Halloween Xmas Party is like magic, the snowflakes that is being projected is like dancing, the whole pattern or mode of which the snow flakes is unbelievably beautiful. The lights were very dim unless they were close to the house which in that case, only covered a small section of the house. I want to use this for outside but I would need to buy like 4 more to cover my house, disappointed. Not only that, but this thing barely lights up a small room much less outside of a house! a bit disappointed for the money that I thought I would see a lot of snowflakes across the front of my house. We could barely see the lights against our house.
I have bought two black lights previous to this one to try to find cat urine spots, a bar one and a flashlight one. The light works awesome and has the best wave length to light up those urine spots. I have a multi-colored carpet and I had to make sure the room was very dark in order to use the detector to see if there were any urine stains. Works to show urine spots but not durable! I bought this light with several others and this unit showed our cat urine stains much more easily and clearly in side by side testing. The flashlight technically works, meaning it shows where cat urine is on the carpet. This light DOES show cat urine, hairball stains (I thought were cleaned up, couldn't see with naked eye). Works very well to detect urine stains from pets.
A bit loud when the fan is on high but is a good unit for the price Love this hood lights are bright and fan power is strong. My husband custom built our hood and this fan works. Easy to install and not very loud fan. Got this to replace the fan in our "custom" hood. on high fan works very well. The fan works well but the lights don't work. We were finally able to install this vent fan, when we did the frame that came with it was bent, the lights sometimes work, and it is LOUD.
I've put the batteries in and tried to light this flashlight every way I can think of using the push button on the end, and it won't light up. Good flashlight with good strong bright light. Good flashlight, but it's not as bright as I thought it would be. Super bright light from a tiny flashlight!! Very bright flashlight. The flashlight is bright, which I appreciate. Very bright little flashlight. It's a helpful flashlight nice and bright and good quality
Love this lamp although there isn't an easy switch for the small reading light. I really like the looks of the lamp and like that you can have just the reading light on, or just the top light on or...both at the same time. This lamp fit our purpose(reading lamp) and we love that it has a good heavy base. It has multiple switch options: just the reading lamp, both lamps and just the top lamp. The lamp is pretty and provides great light. The only switch is a 3 way (On for the top light, one for the reading lamp and then for both together). If you need just a little light the little lamp works perfect! As a lamp to put in the corner of a room for area and reading light, the lamp is great but after assembly it isn't as stable as I'd like.
Works well as a thermostat and is easy to install. This thermostat is easy to install and easy to use. Seems to be a TX500U issue since the other, much older, Lux thermostat still works great. I was able to install the thermostat in under 10 minutes. Set number four since New Years has already cost me close to the purchase price of the thermostat. I wanted a Lux thermostat since I've had very good experience with them in the past, particularly in value and reliability. This thermostat worked great for a couple years. Easy to install in the old holes for the screws or new holes can be made if not replacing a Lux thermostat.
great cutters sharp really do the job and longer handles make it easy to cut through larger size wire. Good wire cutters, they are sharp and do the job nice precision made wire cutters. Great at cutting but doesn't stay shut, you have to hold it with both hands because there is no tension like normal wire cutters. I have purchased Irwin to upgrade and replace my pliers, channel locks and wire cutters. But disappointed that these “heavy duty” wire cutters struggled to cut 6 gauge wire. Have used different off brands of wire cutter's and these provide a decent cut to wire weld fencing I'm modifying. Cutting edge cuts thru wire with no problems
This Makita kit comes with a case, the tool, a charger and 1 battery. Bought this impact driver as a companion to my recently purchased Makita 1/2" drill/driver with same battery. This makita impact is a great tool. Long lasting battery, excellent power, quality tool. Excellent quality tool with lots of power and long battery life. if you are going to use this tool around the house, one battery should be more than enough. Love that I can store tool, battery, and charger all in one case. Still a good impact driver that includes a 3.0AH battery and a charger and case.
They are fairly easy to put on/take off, keep my feet warm and dry even at 0 F and wet snow, and are pretty comfortable when worn over a pair of running shoes. They keep his feet warm and dry along with his shoes that fit perfect in to the boots. this over boots are great in mud, water, snow keeping my feet dry and warm If you are wearing safety shoes or work boots would consider a larger than recommended size. With ventilated shoes these boots retain the foot heat to keep your feet warm and toasty while walking/running in the winter I opted for a pair of tight fitting Totes galoshes for my work shoes (dress) and just regular snow boots for the weekends. I wouldn't recommend them for winter wear if your feet get cold easily and you plan on being out in the snow for long periods without snug boots on underneath, but they work very well for hour walks for me. Although not mentioned, they will protect your good boots from wear and tear of snow shoe straps.
First time scroll saw user love this machine does great work very cheap price excellent quality use it all the time making signs and wood projects. This is an excellent saw my first time using a scroll saw and felt very comfortable, the only thing I dont like is how hard it is to use painless blades. Works great, blades are easy to change out. Haven't used a scroll saw in years, found WEN saw easy to use and does a nice job for the small jobs I've done/to do. Works great easy to use. If you are looking for a scroll saw for small projects such as mine, this is a great scroll saw at a great price. Easy to get started, blade replacement is super easy. Making wood crafts with this scroll.
Seems to be a good quality set. Good quality set. Very good price for the set. Great set at a great price when you need them you need them. I love this set it as all the sizes you will every need Great set for the money need to get a set This is very good set. It's a nice set!!! This is a very nice set.
If you need a water alarm....these are so simple.... Easy to install and has good loud alarm... Any place you have water worries, these will give you peace of mind. Battery compartment is very tight to place 9 Volt battery into but alarm is very loud and just install so we will see over time if its cost effective. Loud alarm works well to detect water. They work with just a little bit of water and came with batteries The design allows for some water , maybe 1/16 of an inch of water to be present without setting off the alarm. The battery fits tight but they work just fine and are very loud. The moisture sensor is sensitive, and alarm is LOUD! Tested with water and they work great.
The screen door was ok, there was open space at the top which I had to install Velcro my self at the top, the 2 magnets below did not always close well so we had bugs in the house. Over all I definitely recommend this product if you don't have a screen door. Not good if u use as a door but a great screen otherwise. Even works better than screen door, because you only need to open as much as you need to go through. This screen works perfect - easy to install, long enough for our tall door, and keeps the bugs out! This is a must have if you have dogs and/or don't want to put in a screen door. This door screen is great. Great purchase especially if you don't want to get a screen door.
Lights are bright and work great. These lights work great. These lights are great and work very well. The new lights work great. I like these and would buy them again, the lights are nice and bright. When they work, these lights look nice. All is good with the lights...the ones that work anyway. Great lights, only had them up a few days, but work great.
They don’t sit snug in the ear and fall off easily while I sleep, They do not block noise out whatsoever. Others I have used hurts my ear in the morning when I sleep with them in my ears. While I prefer of course jot wearing any ear plugs, these fit in my ears, did not close out all sound by a long shot, but did deaden the noise so I could sleep. I’ve used a variety of foam ear plugs and these are the softest and works well to block noise. They don't fit correctly in my ear, therefore, they don't eliminate noise. They block out most noise for me so that I can sleep. I sleep with ear plugs to cancel out my snoring husband. I highly recommend silicone ear plugs if your ears are sensitive to the pressure of the foam plugs.
They come with a remote which allows you turn the lights on and off and you can also dim the lights, and set a timer on them. Remote works perfect and lights are bright and easy to use! The remote didn’t work and the lights were dim; more like a night light than cabinet lighting that’s practical for a kitchen. The lights are bright, and the remote works flawlessly, but these lights WILL NOT last 100 hours! But love the lights and that I can use them with a remote Love these lights and remote. Super easy to use, LOVE that the batteries came already in the lights, Thank you! We love being able to turn the lights on and off with the remote.
We were able to move all the furniture in our house with these straps. If you are looking for moving straps to carry heavy items in the house, rather it’s on stairs or what not, these moving straps you are the ones should get! If you are moving heavy furniture and / or appliances, these straps will definitely come in handy. These straps are a MUST have for moving heavy items. Two people could easily move it with these straps. Now every time we need to move something she wants to know where the straps are. I have used moving straps before and they worked great. These straps made moving so much easier.
Really nice set of tools, quality made. If you're looking for a set of snap ring pliers that will last a lifetime, spend the money now on a USA made, quality tool. great quality on my set. Of all the offerings, this snap ring pliers set is very nice with a good case. Quality snap ring pliers, just wish the case had a handle. A very nice set of snap ring pliers. This is a very nice set of snap ring pliers. This is an extremely well made set of snap ring pliers.
