I decided to spend a little more money and thus far, the doorbell is working great.	So fare we have been very pleased.	Strongly recommend to any one interested.	So far, so good.	works great.	works really well.	We really like this no brainer easy to install door bell.	The house is 2 story and 5 bedrooms.	A great product and a great price.	Quality item at a good price.	i highly recommend this product.
Laser is pretty handy.	So far it has been highly capable, runs smooth, quiet and straight, and everything was of great fit and finish.	It took about 30 minutes to assemble and setup.	I would not recommend this drill press, unless you enjoy puting things together and taking them apart, more than drilling.	Just what I needed and at a fair price.	Well worth the price.	NOT as advertised, however.	Great drill press!	Works great.
Works really a well...quiet and does a great job.	This thing is SO quiet, it will totally freak you out!	I was replacing an older unit that looks like it came with the house.	Works well while it works.	But, it must have been easy as he had it switched out in about 10 minutes.	It is powerful and unbelievably quiet.	Disposal worked great after the install.	We remodeled the kitchen and replaced a 10
Great company and great customer service.	So extremely dissatisfied and disappointed in these lights.	Ambient lighting.	No problems.	All worked perfectly right out of the box!	I’m going to order more!	Will be buying more	They aren't going to look like fairy lights, so if that's what you're going for, find something else, but instead give off a french bistro look.	These are well worth the money!	We strung them up on out back patio
So far, no problem!	Great light.	It was very easy to put together and works as expected.	It works great!	Highly reccomend this light for anyone that is looking for a bright, dimmable contemporary light.	My first impression was BRIGHT!	We have 2 of these now.	So good, I bought one for a friend who sells gems.	Just as described, love the look, sturdiness, and touch feature.	The light is VERY WHITE.	I USE THIS
Quality build.	It's heavy enough that you won't want to carry it around with you, but I think that just speaks to its quality.	No complaints here	Setup took seconds.	Perfect product!	Would definitely recommend!	Fingerprint reader doesn’t work well for me but works great for my husband.	This product works great!	Finger print reader works every time	Works perfectly!!!	works every time.	Highly recommend for anyone who has children/grandchildren.	Apart from that, I very
The wireless is nice if you need to hide the camera.	Love that I can now see if she’s fallen so I could send someone over to help.	Buy with confidence and if i can install it anyone can.	Gave 2 stars as the quality felt pretty good and secure, other than it not connecting, at perhaps just a flaw with this refurbished model.	YOU CANNOT ARM/DISARM VIA VOICE COMMANDS WITH ALEXA.	The ability to
Easy to assemble.	But this was like $80 and no functional problems so 5/5 stars.	It is pretty darn quiet.	these are so great!	Sure it's not a super high end drill but for use every now and then you can't beat it.	So far it has been great.	This drill press may have a couple quirks that make it unable to get consisten accuracies to the thousandth of an inch, it’s great.	Easy set
It was so easy to work with.	No problems.	great product.	The price is so affordable and I would recommend these 100%.	Bright lights and easy to install.	Love these lights !	Got 2 strips for a vanity worked perfectly.	It was a perfect fit and size.	The finish is excellent	Super easy to use and set up!	Great quality.	Excellent product.	When we opened the box the ceramic was broken on 3 of the
Otherwise, great so far!	Works really well.	It works well.	Both of them looks very clean, high tech, and minimalistic matching our modern design house perfectly.	I currently carry an RFID sticker in my wallet which takes up no space at all.	Very nice lock.	Good product.	unit keeps beeping (security sound).	Overall, I recommend it if you don't mind paying someone to install it for you.	Works well but the cute little chimes ,...MAKE
It is very easy to assemble.	Make certain you have two smaller wrenches.	Can not recommend anyone buying this dolly.	The wheels are not of good value.	I'd buy it again.	Works like it should.	Great product.	Wake up!	works great.	Great light/heavy load cart.	Not recommend to purchase.	Durable and well-built, I'm very happy with it.	I got it on sale so it was a pretty good value.	Bought this hand truck in November.
Works great in my limited time so far.	Easy to use, works amazing.	Would recommend to anyone gardening.	It seems like it worked ok but not nearly sensitive for our needs.	Will be returning	Great tool, in many examples, easy to use.	For the money I would recommend this meter.	It’s super easy to use.	It is easy to use.	No problems with it.	East to use and cheap to buy.	Nice quality!	Its nice
A bit of a challenge to install in an older home.	Works great with Google Assistant.	The product looks great but not worth the headache.	So far its working great.	Aside from that works great.	Will order more.	Works great.	Works well with the Iphone as well.	Works great with my echo.	It was a waste of money.	MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A NEUTRAL WIRE OR WILL NOT WORK.	Look up YouTube videos to see
It works very well.	Easy to assemble.	They are definitely not all terrain wheels.	The one move definitely wore it out a bit, but it still works fine.	Just the ticket!	We move cases of drinks and snacks.	Rows good over rough terrain.	Cart looks good .	Good product.	This one is lightweight and works well for that purpose.	Worth having it at home !	Great product.	This cart is really sturdy and works well.
Don’t expect long use without changing batteries .	love the Gyroscope control.	This tool is for the hobbyist.	YOU WONT BE SORRY.	So does everyone else at work.	DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!	Worth the extra money.	Lightweight and versatile.	It charges quickly and is high quality.	I buy a lot of things but this was the BEST thing I have ever bought in my life.	I love this thing so far.	So disappointed.	works
So they were an excellent price.	Soon Philly will become a goggle wearing city.	Hobart probably sells more of these for costumes than for actual welding.	Maybe I got very unlucky.	I like these better than the box-style.	So yeah, pretty much worked as advertised.	Bought them as a prop anyways.	What a great deal for $8.99.	Good quality for the price and it was an easy transaction.	They provide a good amount of tint
I highly recommend this hardhat.	Bought this for my husband for work.	Not much to say about a hard hat.	MSA quality hardhat delivered right to my door.	Thats what we need in Germany.	Quality product.. get one!	Excellent product.	My husband got these for work.	Any one that needs to wear safety hats, this is the one to get!	Fits well and my head is on the larger side.	I ordered a hard hat
works great.	Works perfectly!	I'm not weakly tightening the filter cap, it gets to the point where I'm scared to tighten it more for fear of it breaking.	So far it is working as described and doing the job it was purchased for.	I love having my water filter right on my faucet.	The first 2 that I had lasted a long time.	It looks like they only last for 2-1/2 years.	For my family
Do not waste your money	Tough on the tough jobs.	Works great for home projects !	I hit the July sale at 25% off!	Works great.	They work great!	Worked well done with the help of this tool .	The drills are perfect!	The quality and performance is 2nd to none.	They are powerful and get the job done.	recommend this one.	Great value and a wonderful kit and bag .	This is my second
Have been using this for a few months now on weekend projects and occasional service calls.	The origin is not Germany!	Works very well.	Great service.	If you're child-proofing your home and need to drive screws into tight spots, this is the tool for you.	I would buy it again.	Glad i brought it on the daily deal!	This thing comes in handy .	Great tool...works in many situations.	The price is expensive and the
easy to set up and worked great.	Good coverage throughout our house and yard.	So works great.	We have used these for two years and these buttons have been wonderful.	It is very good for the price.	Works well with limitations.	Not as advertised.	wasted money	Works perfectly.	I am very happy with them.	Only way it works is if you are almost touching the pager unit.	DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM...IT IS WORTHLESS!!!	The
Works As intended.	I love being able to see when my kids got home on the app.	Returned to Amazon today as we were not impressed with the lack of quality here.	Took a bit to figure out how to install it, mechanically.	The second install succeeded.	Really good buy.	Since I installed this lock 2 months ago it has worked flawlessly.	No issues so far.	Constantly “offline” and to fix you have to unscrew
Buying more bulbs.	It works amazing!	We use these with a echo dot and they really work great!	Sellers shipping was super quick!	Also, the bridge works great fr all the lights in our 1900 sq.	The bulbs work and are easy to install.	Works great with my Dot.	Love the dim function	Noticed that one of the bulbs that I received is not as bright as the others.	I would give this 5 stars
I won't use this much, so for me it is perfect.	It was very easy to use and worked great.	Works very well.	Works really well!	Have not used them yet.	Quality product.	I love this product.	Definitely worth the money!	Great product.	I was surprised that for the price this worked SO WELL.	So easy to use.	Couldn’t be happier with this set!	Great variation of sizes for the hole punchers You can’t go
As I posted on the similar product - this unit is great, and its filter works.	Great product.	I am so happy I found this!	Can definitely see the difference in water quality.	I am the only one that uses my shower and the filter will last me 6 months.	This one was difficult to install because of the poor quality of the collar that the hose fits onto.	love this!	The showerhead works great
So far, it works great.	High quality piece.	Since these require specialized batteries for a first-time "good" flashlight user, Fenix should at least include some cheapo ones in the box so that it's usable right away.	Stick to American made, I'm buying a Maglite instead.	This light has some good value, it is very bright, the features worked on mine.	Great product, I use for work, it takes abuse and wants more.	Received the flashlight
It works just great!	Very well made-nice finish.	I am very pleased with this purchase.	Grab bar works just wonderful.	It was easy to install.	I am a 77 year old female with physical challenges .	What a danger.	Easy to install , very sturdy .	It cost like 20$ at HD	Works perfectly.	The install went great.	Pity is Amazon is no longer exporting this item.	These are a great buy!	Good sturdy long
THE HORROR!"	Fast service, works great!	Poor form Amazon!	It was easier and cheaper to buy this complete fan than to buy replacement parts.	Works perfectly!	Works good enough for me!	Very pleased with the purchase for my application.	Pretty quick replacement, it took about 7 minutes to switch out from start to finish.	This is just what I was looking for I did not have to purchase a new one I just needed to
was still going strong.	Other than that, this is a GREAT buy!	But, overall, a great value.	Works very well with my aging hands.	Works great.	I'm beyond the 1 month return window, so now I need to deal with Hitachi for warranty service.	Cameras, Laptops, Large Projectors, misc.	We were given one of these years ago.	Just got the tool from Amazon.	Powerful enough to use it on industrial jobs.	The lock setting is
I bought four ten inch screw anchors for the ground and with two of these straps that goal isn't going anywhere.	Im happy with them, they will work for what I need, but the quality is clearly ....questionable.	We used to secure atv on a trailer.	I bought these to go with the spiral ground stakes I bought for our new trampoline.	Tossed them in the trash as soon as we got home	The straps
What a handy saw!	opened package Installed the included saw blade cut wood at will nothing more to add!	Has a brake so blade stops once you let go of the trigger.	Would highly recommend!	Works great, but I definitely burns through the battery quite rapidly.	Excellent chop saw.	Works like a charm for cutting 2x4's and sixes to length.	Best saw for the money.	The blade it comes with could be better quality though.
We use it all the time!	Best deal on Amazon.	This is the best value around	I use it every day and no complaints at all.	Great drill.	Great product!	It works great.	Just works.	Definitely would recommend.	Great tool for little projects around the house.	so excited it come earlier than expected..	So far the only other attachment I have used with the drill is the circular saw attachment and it works perfectly.	I
I bought four- not worth the money .	So disappointed.	This is not worth buying.	Not bright, very small.	I would not recommend.	In addition to intensity being low this product description is incorrect.	I will be returning it unfortunately because it just doesn’t work for us.	Was very disappointed in the coverage.	Only good for indoor.	So dim it is hard to see the lights.	very pleased with my purchase.	Pretty snow flakes but
Picked it up and worked perfect.	Best so far in finding the mistakes our furry kids make on an occasion!	works great for locating cat pee and vomit and spilled wet food and just about anything gross you would want to clean up that's invisible.	Stop looking - this is the one!	Works great	We KNOW dog AND dog peed more than once in house.	Great product	Regardless, this little light works great.	The black
Just one thing I wish Amazon would do, is to suggest the bulbs that would be needed and have them pop up for purchase as well.	It works great in our newly built home.	High setting is EXTREMELY LOUD!	works well though.	I absolutely love this!!	Works well one glich.	Fact is replacement parts could far exceed the purchase price.	The price we paid through amazon for the same exact product was over $100.00 cheaper.
Plant to order a couple more !	Heavy metal construction – seems like it'll last forever.	So this would be such a treat.	So, I bought 2 more of the Bell and Howell light!	Working Uber it was Great..Projection Beam was Bright and could see addresses from street...somewhat annoying having to press button 3 times to shut off because it has blinking light and sos code feature...which is nice except for the fact you have
It works well and looks nice.	This lamp looks nice but the base is cheap.	No complaints.	The small bulb is actually really bright, and very pretty when reflected on the wall.	Bulbs are small base.	We bought two of these lamps as they work perfect for us in our bedrooms.	Easy to assemble.	We bought two!	We literally had to disassemble the top two sections and use lock-tite to hold it together.	I would
Easy to install has just enough bells and whistles to justify the price do not try to install rechargeable batteries it will give you low battery warning.	Works great as a replacement for the 50's style thermostat that came with our camper.	Thumbs DOWN.	It was a snap to connect and has my system working great again.	It started having the same issue again about 6 months later, and now, even when I reset the
Owned them a couple of years, but only used a dozen or so times.	Loved them!	i am extremely disappointed.	Great product!	I’ve had compliments on them.	Good bang for the buck.	Works well as expected.	I use these every at my job and I put them to hard work all day.	But cuts great!	The quality and finish of this tool seem impeccable.	I really like the color scheme, look and feel with these
Will not work.	Im going to buy another for a friend.	had this impact for 4 years now, no complaints.	would buy this product again in a heartbeat	I love this tool!	Would highly recommend.	Great quality!	Great buy!	We are very disappointed with this item.	Love the grip.	Excellent value and very well constructed.	I love how quickly the battery charges too.	Great price.	Works good.	Should have come with two batteries though	A
Good tread.	These overboots worked perfectly.	Don't weld with them on, they burn.	First Test In Snow... Don't Have Good Traction.	I have had a pair for years and love them.	These overshoes are great!	I wear these at work.	Nice to have the high coverage while using the snowblower.	To and from work in the winter these are amazing!	Really keeps snow and rain out	Minimal interference with walking.	Good quality materials.	I hope
Great product!	Works well on all my beginner projects	Easy to set up.	I gave this 5 stars not because it's the best quality available, but because it was just what i was looking for.	High quality small scroll saw.	My husband loves it!	I absolutely love this saw.	Shakes way too much.	Definitely worth my money for a beginner like me!	I love the saw just wish it would have more info on what
Definitely worth the money.	he has used it several times and is impressed with set!	Nice little kit to have around.d	Nice set for the money.	I use these sockets at work daily and havnt had any problems.	Neiko should combine a set of torx and hex bits at a discounted rate.	I recommend it to anyone.	Other then that, this kit has every size you’ll need until you get into the really big stuff.
If they all worked like the 3rd one, I would have been happy, but under these circumstances I have no confidence in them and they will be returned.	No complaints.	Inexpensive but it works great!	Great simple product.	Works great.	They work well and are very affordable.	They are easy to set up.	Seemed to work fine except for the sensor seems a little high off whatever surface you place it on, meaning the water
Best of all, it works.	Not too impressed with this product.	Took about 10 minutes of training with the dogs and some treats to get them to go in and out.	This was so easy to put up and is so functional and is of high quality!	Very good idea well implemented, very easy to install (less that 3 minutes) and does the work.	Also wish it wasn't so stiff, as if it hangs over
They worked as soon as i turned them on.	A couple do not work at all .Very Disappointed .	Good product Steve	I will replace the batteries this week, but have done well so far!	No hassles at all and it was a very reasonable price.	Very easy setup within 10 minutes I had them together and they worked immediately right out of the box.	They must have paid friends to give high ratings because
Great product!	Do not recommend.	Works as advertised.	WhenI opened the box I only found 4 pairs instead of the stated 5 pairs.	LEAVES ME WITH A MUCH BETTER SLEEP.	They actually work.	These ear plug work well (read the instructions on how to use them) but do smell very strongly.	work pretty well.	These just don’t work at all.	had to use 1 for a little bit this am.. hopefully they still work as
Absolute waste.	Looks great, works great!	For same price ($9.98) you might as well order the 2 pack of the low profile pucks	They haven’t fallen down, the batteries haven’t died, and they look great.	The ONLY positive is the remote works well.	Purchased several of these until my "electric" lights are installed in my cabinets.	Do not waste your money on these!	Well IT IS RIDICULOUS.	Purchased these for use in our van.	So
Dont like it at all!	Moved a credenza and couches - works great.	Will always use for future moves!	Do not purchase.	These work great!	Was totally shocked at how well this worked.	These worked great.	I used them to move all the heavy stuff in the house and it worked out great.	I am going to the forearm forklift system and selling these!	Would not have been able to move without these.	5 stars
Will definitely meet your expectations.	No worries at all with these.	They have been holding up fine for me as a construction equipment mechanic for over 6 months.	Product is very strong and works great.	Difficult to use.	The tips were fine!	The tips are alittle off out of the box but at this price its not a big deal.	I highly recommend this set.	These are worth it!	I should probably purchase another set.
