I stumbled along for years fixing my electric (wired) door bell and look at this. 30 minutes after I rec'd it we had a door bell again that we can trust.
Easy to set up. Ready to go in 20 min.
This disposal is almost too quit because you have to really listen to see if its actually running? Great product even better price! Highly recommended
These lights are amazing!!! I bought them 3 years ago and they have withheld hurricanes and many rogue football throws across the pool. I can’t rave enough about them! Excellent product would highly recommend and buy again.
A sleek and beautiful light. It has a touch sensor for on and off and dimming feature. The light is bright but has no glare or shadow. Easy to attach to the side of your desk and move the arm to a specific spot. This feels and looks like a real quality light, beautiful design and construction. I highly recommend it
This works great, but if you are freaking out you might take a few deep breaths before you try to implement it!! Plan with fingerprint, code, and key....and PRACTICE. Oh, and let your college students know that they need to let you know that they are coming home rather than surprising you on a Friday night! JUST FYI! PRACTICE and PERFECT!
This is a great little camera, the quality and sound are really good and so is the night vision. You can set up motion detection areas (up to 3) in the app. It also comes with free 7 day cloud storage so you can see all motion detection over the last 7 days which is awesome. Most other companies make you pay for any type of storage so it's nice that this is included. I also have this set up through SmartThings so I can set motion detection to turn on lights. You also have the option to turn off the power LED which is good.
has just the right amount of power for my small wood shop
i really like how these look. they work really well. I just wish there was an option with the wiring to just plug it into an outlet. i had to buy an outlet plug/wire to splice onto the light fixture and then hooked that up to a toggle switch.
Works great. Easy to install once you have right tools. My previous bolt lock hole was smaller than this one. Had to buy additional tool to drill a bigger hole. Other than that great product. Too bad it's not wifi enabled.
crappy nuts and bolts, components don't fit give required result.
It does what it says but it's kinda a useless tool.
While the dimmer switch installed easily and works well with the KASA app, it doesn't integrate with Alexa at all, and was defective to boot. After working with phone assistance and determining that the product is defective, KASA insists that the defective product is returned at the owner's cost BEFORE a replacement unit will be shipped to me (at the slowest shipping method) at no cost. Horrible policy and customer service. Stay away from KASA.
The cart was easy to assemble. The edge is really sharp because I hit my leg bringing it upstairs after assembly. I noticed black black rubber edge protector was inside box. I looked up by order, looked at picture of protect. It was then that I realized protect arrived damaged. I called customer service number on product pamphlet. No one called me back. This cart is really sturdy and works well. If it had not come damaged and customer service had gotten back to me, I would have rated product five stars.
This driver was not very effective in tight places. When you need more torque you have to rotate the tool relatively fast and relatively far, but in some tight spaces this isn't possible.
I got these goggles for myself and a friend. one pair each just for fun. I'm not sure how good they are when it comes to do actual welding in them but the lenses that came with them are a dark green and block out light pretty swell. Has the adjustable connector in the middle which i had to adjust since it was a little to big for my face, so the adjuster comes in handy. to remove/replace the lens all you have to do is unscrew the plastic cap over it. it's fairly easy and simple. good design.
It works as expected. Fits fine, keeps my noggin safe. Stickers stick on it. What more is there to say?
Nice, fits "pur-fectly" on our faucet. Easy disassemble and rotation. A little annoying when I hit the lever for regular water flow vs the purified water but a small price to pay. Maybe make a better switch less easily bumped?
I have use it around the house for everything. Great set.
Should of bought this set a while ago, great versatility but no impact.The driver option does drill the screws just fine.
I love this caregiver pager. I live with and take care of my elderly mother. Now, she can call me easily when we are both home in case of an emergency. I use the alarm ringer and not the ding dong ringer bc the alarm feature is louder and continuous until you turn it off, so it will eventually get your attention if you are within earshot. I also love the pocket clip.
The lock is really expensive to have unrealible nest connect connection! It went offline often and none of the nest troubleshoot instructions helped! You have to manually factory reset to have everything back online again. Very annoying and unrealizable! This product is yet to be relied on.
This is my second time ordering these bulbs and they’re just as great as the first set! !
I used this on both a thick leather belt and my Birkenstock’s. I was surprised that for the price this worked SO WELL. I saw it on a hack to save belts and was skeptical. Until I needed another hole for my shoes, so I gave in. THIS IS 10/10!!! I recommend to my friend and she also got one! This is a money saver for your products! There’s 6 sizes (the smallest is used in the picture for the shoes) and the larger holes I used for my belts but there was still 3 bigger sizes.
Once I put the filter in place it was much heavier than I expected. I would prefer an adapter that would allow for some adjustments with regard to angle and also cradling the handle. The way my wall pipe was installed, it was pointing the water stream slightly backwards because the shower head is heavy and was pointing backwards, which lead to water hitting the back of the tub and it was running off. I had to adjust the wall pipe, so now it works fine. The filter makes a difference, for sure.
The best light! I have 5. One on my ar, one on my ak, one on my nightstand, one I carry, and one for my wife. I've abused and literally beaten these into the concrete repeatedly to demo for friends how tough it is. Never had it even flickered. No toggling through the settings, because it has a memory, which is very important. Also, monetary on is a giant plus. No reason to buy any other light.
I have several of these Moen grab bars and they are very good quality. Sturdy and ADA approved. Everyone should have at least one in the shower. Thank you, GC
This model is hard to find in home improvement stores. and great value
This is what I bought to replace my Black and Decker screwdriver. It is not as robust and the first one broke, the clutch started slipping. Amazon replaced in a flash. Has a lifetime warranty but I hope I don't have to test it.
I have used these for many uses and have never had any issues. I have transported ladders on my car, tying up a christmas tree in the attic, and other stuff. It is very easy to assemble and use. The cables are durable and I have not noticed any issues since I bought them a few months ago.
I'm fine with this tool coming with no battery & charger--I have a Dewalt impact driver that came with all that. What I didn't expect was that the "bare tool" would also omit a rip fence and locking nut. Sheesh! That's just plain cheap (not to mention annoying). I have had to order that item for another $16 (DW3278). Otherwise, nice tool.
Having a clutch, with the drill attachment, is a rarity for a corded drill/driver. Not sure if the brushes are replaceable. This is made by the same company that makes Dewalt drills. Great for small workshop or apartment dwellers.
The snowflakes are pretty, but you literally need about 4 or 5 of these projectors to cover a good sized home. Also, the product is flimsy. I would not purchase this product again.
It really shows the urine, and all that other dirt on the wall
A little noisey but all in all does what it should
This is absolutely by far the best flashlight you will ever get. I love it
a lovely sturdy lamp. One flaw is the light switch is high so it cannot be switched on and off without standing.
I followed the instructions carefully and it worked just the way it promised the first time. It has continued to do just what it is supposed to ever since. Even my sister-in-law has learned to change the settings (which may not be a good thing) so the programing is easily understood.
By far the best cutting pliers I've used. Solid and well crafted. The handle covers are staying in place so far, unlike the cheaper brands. If you've ever had a pair(s) of the cheaper brands you know what quality is when you use this. THESE ARE QUALITY. Craftsman should be embarrassed.
Use it in a professional auto shop and goes through a regular beating every day, but it holds up well, very comfortable to hold. Great quality.
excellent overshoe. sturdy traction, water/snow proof. seller charged MA sales tax. MA does not apply sales tax to non-luxury boots. i wrote to amazon for refund, but got no response.
The saw shakes a lot while you are cutting. Other than that it seams to be a good saw.
This is a good quality set of hex bits. I also have a set of Neiko torx bits. They're good too.
bought these for water leakage alarms on a 500 gallon aquarium, a A/C water discharge pump and a water heater.
The top bar that holds the screen is adjustable. It sometimes slips down when the big dog goes through the screen. The magnets are very strong and hold together well. it is a better solution than the dog going through the screen on the sliding door
I ordered 4 sets of these lights and loved them so much I decided I needed 4 more sets to edge the rest of my yard. They give off a beautiful bright white light and makes our yard look great. Thank you so much for making our yard so beautiful and to top it all off they have a lifetime replacement guarantee. This company is amazing. They contacted me to see if I received my order and if there was and problems with the lights. They are a very caring company, something you don't find anymore today. Thank you.
Just didn’t cancel noise in general. I sleep with ear plugs to cancel out my snoring husband. The store brand worked better.
Great for my shelving unit and over a picture. Love the remote control.
The straps are too narrow and the opening is smaller than others I've purchased in the past. The strap holder is a pain to get the strap through as well. Next time I will just pony up for the originals! Definitely throwing these out!
This product has a "lifetime warranty" except for the tips. The tips are the weakest part of the tool. So much for a warranty. I would expect them to stand behind their product. Your money may be better spent somewhere else.
