A simple, attractive doorbell that's easy to set up. Not fancy, but gets the job done. Great volume level. easy to hear throughout the house. Chimes sound authentic and pleasant. Easy to install, though depending on your setup, might require some drilling. Only three chimes to choose from, and a few users report some issues with the receiver's range	A very reliable, versatile device with security accessories available. Worth considering if its contemporary design appeals to you. Features an appealing, modern design and is compatible with security accessories like motion detectors and door contacts. Extremely dependable and easy to set up. Can be used as a portable device or wall-mounted. Only six chimes are available, but you can listen to them on Amazon before you buy. Not as straight-forward as other systems to expand. 450-foot operating range is on the shorter end	This doorbell stands out for its optional visual alerts and its sturdy construction. Comes with mounting hardware. Rugged construction. Features 6 chimes, and can work with up to 6 different buttons or triggers. Volume is adjustable and can get loud. Easy to set up. Receiver has an optional light alert. AC plug-in jack in case you want to wire it in. This model goes through batteries pretty quickly. Some buyers found the range to be less than the claimed 450 feet
The best value for your money. An unbeatable deal for an entry-level drill press. Two-beam laser alignment system can make drilling much more accurate, particularly if you do a lot of repetitive work. Some owners struggle with its assembly	The best budget option for a true drill press at a fraction of the cost of higher end options. Comes with a bright and clear laser beam for accurate hole placement before drilling. Depth stops keep the drill at a predefined drill depth. Tilting surface enables angled drilling. Speed pulleys may start to loosen or degrade after long, continuous use during large projects
A powerful disposal that can handle most garbage. The right pick for those willing to invest in a high-end disposal. Incredibly quiet with the extra horsepower to get through garbage quickly. 3 grind stages offer greater versatility. Slow to drain and some packages don't come with an electrical cord	The best garbage disposal available today. No other matches it in terms of quality, performance, and durability. No other disposer can match its raw power. Extremely quiet and efficient. Includes 7-year warranty (in home). More expensive than other units, but its durability and top-of-the-line materials may save you money in the long run
An attractive and sturdy option, but be prepared for frequent bulb changes if you choose this model. Antique-style lights deliver a soft glow. Multiple strands are easily connected for continuous lighting. Heavy-duty hanging hooks and cable. Bulbs may burn out frequently. Strands are heavy and awkward to hang. Only 48 feet yet pricier than some longer strands	Not only will these brighten the Christmas season, they will last you for years on end. Off the charts in terms of durability and performance. Will please both aesthetically as well as in terms of functionality. They are not cheap, but you are paying for high-quality construction
One of the best LED desk lamps available for eye care, technology, and adjustability. LED light is soft and even for supreme eye care. Able to dim with touch control settings. Includes a memory function for customizing light brightness. Extremely adjustable. Lamp head does not adjust from side to side, only up and down	A solid choice w/superb flexibility, but it lacks features that some cheaper LED lamps offer. Exceptionally thin, space-saving design. Flexible, adjustable arm. Manufacturer provides prompt customer service. Pricey. The control button on the top of the lamp is awkwardly placed and very sensitive
A very effective way to keep your handgun safe and still be able to access it quickly. 3 different ways to enter the safe. Very good bio-metrics. Small enough to fit in a night stand drawer. Refuses non-programmed fingerprints. Mountable from the inside to a wall or drawer. Easy to program. Foam interior protects gun. Sharp noise when the latch releases, making it hard to open quietly	If you are looking for a compact way to keep your pistol out of the wrong hands, this is an effective choice. The biometric locking system on this pistol case creates a tight control on who can access the gun. 3 means of entry make it accessible when needed. Small enough to fit in a drawer. Quick access when needed. Can store and recognize fingerprints for 2 people. Has a loud click when opening
Single camera setup that's reasonably priced because it doesn't require a separate base station. Great video quality at full HD resolution. Single camera provides a 130° view and good performance level. Includes night vision, an important feature for a security camera. Includes 2-way audio, so you can speak to someone who's near the camera. Only 1 camera included, which may not meet your security needs	If you want a simple, straightforward indoor home security camera with top-of-the-line DIY specs and free cloud storage, Netgear's new Arlo Q is a safe bet. The Netgear Arlo Q is responsive and reliable, with a 1080p HD resolution, motion and sound alerts, two-way talk, night vision, activity zones and free 7-day event-based cloud storage (you can pay a monthly fee for continuous recording, as needed). Netgear is behind the curve in terms of third-party integrations -- it doesn't currently have any -- and you can't log into the same account on more than one device at the same time. Both the Web and mobile apps could use a design update and the camera itself doesn't feel especially durable compared to its main competition, Nest Cam
A good budget option for anyone wanting to learn to use a drill press without investing a lot of money. The small one-third horsepower motor provides plenty of torque to drill through most soft substances like wood. Drill bits are easy to change out using the included key. Includes a half-inch keyed chuck and onboard key storage. Drill press is prone to binding up in dense or thick materials like certain metals	Novices may find its feature and functions acceptable; otherwise, we recommend considering others on our shortlist. The base, table, and drill head are all made of cast iron, giving rigidity where it's needed most. As an entry-level tool, it is not packed with features
A solid vanity light fixture that provides plenty of light and excellent value. Easy to install. Attractive, mirror-like finish complements most bathrooms. Can be connected to additional fixtures for a variety of different configurations. Some complaints of minor flaws. Not everyone liked the design	A versatile product, but consumers must know beforehand what type of electrical wiring to have (corded or in-wall) for this 2-for-1 product, which can cause frustration. Once you figure out how to open the back panel, installation is easy. Option for two super-bright strips allows for different configurations atop or beside a bathroom or vanity mirror. Wiring and harness must be purchased separately. Metal base can bend or warp if handled too firmly
It's not the cheapest option on the market, but its dependable performance and easy installation offsets the initial cost. Satisfied customers praise its super easy setup and sleek modern anodized finish. It has a lot of extras like a burglar alarm and fire detection sensor which you may not need	Though the lock is well made and the alarm features are functional, the technology is first-generation and lacks the advanced capabilities of other smart options. Lock has a rugged feel. Features fire and tamper alarms with adjustable sound. Double security features work with both key card and password for added protection. Some owners would prefer if the lock had a more modern, streamlined design. It's difficult to install, instructions are confusing. Not as intuitive as other models. No remote access
An inexpensive, reasonably lightweight truck that is worth considering for light loads. However, the 400-pound weight limit is questionable considering the subpar wheels that are prone to breakage. Somewhat lighter than some similar models, thanks to the glass-filled nylon truss. Frame feels sturdy. Easy to adjust positions once assembled. Telescopic handle. Falls on the lower end of the price spectrum. Plastic wheels aren't built for heavy-duty hauling, and have been reported to break or fall off. Assembly is frustrating	A versatile, affordably priced dolly. The best value on the market. Lightweight nylon frame. Can be used vertically or as a load platform. Hefty weight limit. Comes with stair climbers. Assembly required. Occasional incidents of missing parts and castor breakages
Fits in a pocket and provides instant luminosity measurements. Reviews rave that this meter works especially well for set design and other indoor spaces. Effectively measures temperature and UV strength as well. Features color LCD screen. Lightweight and easy to carry. May need to adjust thermometer calibration	A versatile light meter that makes lighting an area easier than other meter options. Large screen is big enough to display multiple readings at the same time. Reads ambient temperature in addition to the surrounding luminosity levels. Integrated thermometer can arrive out of calibration, throwing off inaccurate readings by several degrees
The Kasa Smart switch and dimmer showcases a sleek design and delivers in performance and energy efficiency. Proves to be an energy efficient in-wall smart dimmer choice. Integrates well with Alexa, Google Assistant, Microsoft Cortana, and Kasa app, which boasts an intuitive interface. Comes with easy-to-follow installation instructions. Works with dimmable LED (150-watt max) or incandescent bulbs (300-watt max). Deeper in size than standard light switch	This is a reliable and well-performing in-wall wireless light switch and dimmer that works seamlessly with smart home hub systems. Energy-efficient, in-wall wireless light switch and dimmer that stays cool to the touch, even after extended use. Easy to install and to connect to smart home hubs and Kasa app. Fits in all standard USA electrical boxes. Has scheduling feature. Neutral wire is required for installation, so may not work in older homes
Attractive and well-built, this model stands out for the 360-degree rotating wheels, which make moving heavy items a snap, even over non-flat surfaces. The 29 by 19 inch platform compares favorably to similar hand trucks, and the no-slip rubber surface is a great feature. Wheels make smooth turns, even on surfaces that aren't perfectly flat or smooth. The inclusion of a center backing piece on the handle is helpful with taller loads. While the wheels are maneuverable, users report they require frequent tightening and are difficult to reach when unit is assembled	This top-notch platform truck is sturdy, durable, and compact. Foldable for convenient storage. Features a load capacity of 330 pounds. Includes a custom support guard that ensures items won't move backward when the platform truck is in use. Padded handle provides extra comfort. Sold in a variety of colors. May be too small for some users. Wheels may fall off, even after minimal use
A feature-packed, fast-charging, high-performance tool that reacts to your hand input and adjusts power supply accordingly. Combination of gyroscope and variable speed gives great control. High torque output well managed by multi-position clutch. Pistol or straight grip. 2 batteries means nonstop work if necessary. Expensive for DIY users. It takes a while to get the best from the gyro action, and it’s quite large for this kind of tool
An alternative to glasses models, these are an investment for those who want to watch many eclipses over the coming years, but they do not offer maximum protection. A unique goggle design with thermal green lenses that provide intense eclipse viewing with CE and ISO standard protection. Adjustable strap fits most kids and adults. We love the impressive 7-year warranty. Not specifically designed for eclipses. No padding around the lenses make them uncomfortable for extended wear. Awkward to wear over glasses. Some wearers noted light coming in around the edges of the goggles
Comfortable fit in a hard hat that's easy to adjust. Full brim will protect you from the sun. Brim size won't impede your upward vision too much. Comfortable to wear for an entire day because of lightweight design. Ratcheting knob ensures you can create a tight and comfortable fit. Fits best on people with smaller heads. Must assemble interior components on your own. Too small for some people
Getting your filtered water directly from the tap will save precious fridge space, and it’s every bit as tasty as bottled water. Easy to attach to a kitchen faucet. Filters out 70 heavy metals and common contaminants. Each replaceable filter lasts 3 months. Delicious filtered water. Sleek design. Its filter will be ruined if you run hot water through it by mistake
Despite a few issues, this duo is capable of tackling nearly every job on your list from contractor work to do-it-yourself projects. Stands out for offering 2 rugged power tools by a top name in the industry. 20-volt impact and drill drivers built to tackle tough jobs. Comes with 2 batteries, charger, and carrying bag. Some battery issues have been documented – failure to hold charge, dead batteries upon arrival. A few complaints of loose chucks and of drills "smelling hot" during use
A compact, lightweight body with 4 interchangeable attachments that allow you to work in almost any situation imaginable. This unit fits comfortably in your hand and features a convenient battery charge indicator. The attachments allow you to drill at a 90 degree angle, perform offset driving for screws that are as close as 1/2-inch from a corner, and use high-torque hex-bits. The two areas of concern on this model are the wobble in the chuck and the difficulty in removing the battery from the unit when it needs charging
Best for homes without metal pipes, this pager system has a range of 150 feet and comes with 2 call buttons in case one gets misplaced. Comes with 2 call buttons and one caregiver pager. 150-foot range between caregiver and patient. Pager can be carried in pocket or clipped to belt. Caregiver pager has 2 audible alarms. Batteries included: Call buttons use 2 12-volt batteries. pager uses 2 AA batteries. Call buttons come with a lanyard. Large buttons easy to see and hard to lose. Metal pipes can cause interference with the pager system, so consider this when ordering. May not work as well in 2-story houses
If you love Nest products (and especially if you own the Nest Secure alarm system) the Nest x Yale smart lock is a good bet. If you're after voice control or more flexible smart-home hub integration, look elsewhere. The Nest x Yale Lock looks good and works with Nest to lock the door when you're away, disarm your Nest Secure alarm system and manage up to 20 passcodes. There aren't any ZigBee, Z-Wave or iM1 (HomeKit) modules to add this lock to your smart home. The Nest integrations are underwhelming, and there aren't any voice control capabilities yet
Philips Hue is one of the best-developed DIY smart-home platforms money can buy, and this white-light starter kit is your most affordable entry point. It's practically a must-buy if you're serious about smart lighting. The plain, vanilla version of Philips Hue's smart LEDs don't change colors, but they do enjoy all of the benefits of Hue's well-connected platform. They're also bright, good looking bulbs with easy-to-use smarts, and you can add extras to your setup for just $15 each. At $70, the two-bulb starter kit still comes with a fair share of sticker shock
This punching tool is affordable, easy to use, and practical for many jobs. It also comes with numerous accessories and makes variety of hole sizes. A great pick for crafts and hobbies. Has a revolving punch design that is easy to use, and can punch 6 different sized holes. Users love how well it works for leather crafts. Includes a grinding rod, backup pad, and screwdriver. A few owners wish it could punch larger holes. Has the tendency to jam. Prone to breakage if used incorrectly – not suited for metal
A quality filtered showerhead, perfect for areas with hard/high chemical water. Effectively reduces harsh chemicals and other harmful impurities. Great for softer skin and hair. Durable 5-foot hose makes for a convenient reach when cleansing. Relatively easy installation. Showerhead is a bit heavy and may droop when mounted. Navigating the spray settings can be tricky
This powerful flashlight not only delivers 1000 lumens of light, but is built to stand up to heavy-duty use. Features 3 light levels, strobe, and SOS mode. Focus is adjustable, and rugged construction is waterproof. Earns praise from professionals including military veterans for its light and build. It has the tendency to drain battery power fairly quickly with constant use, and the light dims a bit as the power decreases
The bathroom grab bar of choice when size is an issue. Comes in a variety of lengths for any number of shower and tub sizes. Plenty of length options to fit your specific bathroom setup. Great to mix and match different lengths if you want more than one bar. Installation requires extra skill for drilling and mounting
At a fraction of the price of other models, this fan is a great deal for the performance. Powerful enough to efficiently move air out of a small bathroom. It is the loudest fan on our list
This top-quality light-duty screwdriver offers durability and excellent flexibility. The handle transitions easily from straight to pistol grip. Compact in size. Simple-to-operate forward/reverse switch, plus 21 clutch settings. Built-in LED light. Comes with 2 batteries and case. On the pricey side but worth it
These ratchet straps live up to their claims, and they're sure to fit easily into your budget. Ergonomic handle and smooth ratcheting action make straps easy to use. Rubber-coated S-hooks. Hold gear securely without fraying or stretching out. Excellent value for the price. These straps do not come with instructions on how to use them properly
The best cordless circular saw on the market, and the top value as well. Superb cordless that closely matches its corded rivals. Small blade design meant for DIY'ers and not professionals
This is the perfect compact drill for light-duty work, and the base is compatible with several other BLACK+DECKER tool attachments. Quick Connect system enables you to quickly change out the drill head for other tool attachments. 11-position clutch gives you more control while you drill. 4-amp motor. Top-notch quality for the price range. Lightweight and compact. This drill may not be powerful enough to handle extended heavy-duty work
Projects moving white snowflakes against the side of your house within minutes of opening the box. Comes with two mounts, a stake for putting it in the yard, and a mounting plate for attachment to a wall, tree, or pole. Remote control allows you to change display modes without having to leave the house. The area covered by the display is on the smaller side compared to some other projectors
The PeeDar detector is ready to start working straight out of the box, with a minimal learning curve. UV light spectrum makes dry urine crystals glow. Batteries included, works straight out of box. Does not react to dust, fewer false positives. Can be used under daylight conditions. Works best on fresh urine, not dried stains on darker surfaces. Batteries can arrive damaged
A superb option for those who demand an expertly constructed range hood that will maintain its appearance. Comes with a one-piece washable aluminum mesh filter. Equipped with a silver-finished blower with multi-speed control to provide quiet, efficient performance. Designed to fit flush with the bottom of a cabinet. Detects excessive heat and adjusts the blower to high speed automatically. More expensive than many comparable options. On and off switches are small. May sound like metal scratching when it runs
If you are looking for a tactical flashlight with emergency features, this is a good choice. Lightweight, portable and bright. Durable waterproof aluminum design that can handle temperature extremes. Three brightness modes plus SOS and strobe. Takes 3 AAA batteries. On-off switch is not as durable as the body of the flashlight
An attractive living room floor lamp that is versatile and bright, with an adjustable 3-way switch that turns on torchiere, reading light, or both. We like that is includes both a main floor light and a side reading light, so it is versatile enough for any use. This lamp also stands out for its longevity. users that have had the lamp over a year report still being satisfied with its functionality. Some consumers reported receiving lamps with missing pieces, and it can take a little time to adjust the screws
The Lux TX500U strikes a balance between value and function, making it my top pick if you're in the market for a basic programmable thermostat. A large display, strong blue backlight and an intuitive control panel make the $30 Lux TX500U easy to recommend. Its plastic covering is flimsy and fell off once during use
Performance and construction similar to costlier models. Solid satisfaction guarantee. The best choice if you're looking for a budget buy. Features sturdy 8-inch design for a low price. ProTouch grips provide comfortable padding for increased leverage. Lifetime guarantee. The cutting feature has a tendency to dull, especially when cutting thick wire
Lightweight with ample power, though it's not as good as some competitors. Includes case, charger, and slide-style batter. Satisfactory 18-volt system. Unit is loud to the point of needing ear protection for prolonged use. Battery life can be an issue
Turns any shoe into a good boot for sloshing through the snow or rain. Rugged and lightweight. They can be worn over hiking boots or other warm weather footwear. Handles well in rough terrain. Easy to dry. Comfortable and versatile. Easy to take on and off. Good traction. If your task involves actually standing in water, these boots may allow moisture in
Great for smaller pieces and occasional hobby woodworking, this is a quality entry-level scroll saw. Users like the price and its ease of setup and use. Takes either pin or pinless blades. LED light is bright enough for most cutting work. Hassle-free warranty replacement. Switching blades can be a hassle. Vibrates heavily if not clamped down well to a sturdy surface. Sawdust doesn’t clear away as well as some users would like
Pleasing price point for a nice beginner set of sockets. Good build quality, considering what you pay. Chrome vanadium steel sockets will last for many uses. Precise size construction on the bits. Nice carrying case will keep the sockets well organized. Lower price than many other sets, while still nice quality. Handy starter set for people who only occasionally need sockets. Not a set for users needing precise quality, as some common larger sizes of sockets are not included
Extremely low price for 3 water detection units. Offers a loud alarm, so you're sure to hear it. If you need multiple water detection sensors at a low price, this set gives you a great value. The 9-volt batteries to operate these sensors are included. Extremely loud alarm on the base unit of 130 decibels. Relatively easy to install with a suction cup or adhesive tape. Sensor's wire to attach to the base unit is less than 4 feet long, which is shorter than most
A great option for patio-type doors that's reliable in every way except for the sub-par tension rod. Offers sturdy screen and strong magnets in a size that works for most standard sliding and French doors. Screen feels tough and Velcro is sewn into the frame for added durability. The tension rod isn't as well made as the other components, and has the tendency to slip out of place, requiring readjustment
Solar lights that provide adequate ambient illumination. However, they come with some durability issues and battery life fades quickly. Solar LED units that provide enough light to illuminate the edges of driveways or walkways. Manufacturer offers a lifetime replacement guarantee and helpful customer service. 6-pack. Not especially sturdy. After a few nights, many of the lights are either much more dim or run out of juice
Although designed for noisy work sites, these may work well for third shift workers who want to block out street noise. Foam adjusts to fit one's unique ear canal, blocking out most noise. Easy to put in and stay in place. Dirt- and dust-resistant skin prevents build-up. 5 pairs per pack. Vibrant color helps others notice you are wearing them/may not hear them. Some say they fall out of the ear rather easily
Gets the job done with a low price and installation anyone can accomplish. Comes with a remote control for dimmer and timer options. Provides extra under-counter lighting easily. Can be turned on and off by simply tapping the light. Installation is easier than expected. These are battery operated and cannot be hard wired. Not great if you want to leave the lighting on all the time or overnight
One of the best value body harness straps to consider when you need something more ergonomically designed. Narrow straps offer enough support for large objects without cutting into the skin or body. Strap design frees up the arms and hands for better support or to carry other items. Straps are too thin to lift anything large and awkward safely without extra straps or assistance
An amazing number of versatile tools for a price that is surprisingly low considering all you get – 12 snap ring pliers in a durable case that have a lot to offer in the way of value. A large set packed with the most popular sizes. Handles are easy to grip. The rugged case has individual slots to keep the tools organized. Some reports of issues with the tips, including bends and misalignments
