It flashes if you want it to, and the light is quite bright.	Very versatile to set different ring chimes, and you can control the volume as well.	This one works like a champ (and lights up as well so you can see it too) through some pretty thick masonry, sitting about 50' from the push button.	If the contact is open it only plays a short quiet peeping sound and you cannot choose another
Buyer beware... check the runout as soon as you assemble it - and return it if not acceptable.	Let the bit cut through and you are good to go.	When you get it take it all apart, clean the grease off everything, and re grease it all with some high quality grease.	The only thing you may want to get is a good vise for it, since just the adjustable work platform comes with it.
Very important to read the instructions of how to use it and what kind of garbage you can dispose of with it.	If you want a garburator that does a fantastic job AND is whisper quiet, this is the one.	It is a bit heavy, but you can expect that with the big motor with lots of insulation.	If you are looking for a very quiet garbage disposal with three blades this is the way
The cord is strong, you will need solid hooks when hanging them, but that makes me feel good about the quality.	If you are looking for a professional lighting system that looks great and will stand up to the outdoors, look no further.	The cord, hangers and sockets are heavy duty and seem like they'll tolerate the elements very well.	if you want well built heavy duty outdoor lights for party or to just light
Very well made, sturdy and the desk clamp is much better than your average clamps you get with most desk lights.	Very stylish, very functional, easy to adjust and in any direction you need.	Also, the color temperature is reduced when you reduce the brightness...so the illumination warms up in tone as the brighness decreases.	There are some limitations on what angles you can move it, but that is the design of the light.	The
Very stealth which, of course, is what you want.	Fingerprint scanner portion can be a little finicky just make sure you have the code programmed as well.	The Bio unlock works awesome, and you have the key and combination as backups.	Pretty quick response on the open with the thumbprint scan so if you choose to keep your firearm here it is readily available in most cases.	Solid built, you can look for a safe
If the freezing video thing could get worked out, it could be a solid security solution.	Once that was done, it works very well as a motion sensor for Smartthings, and when in armed mode it triggers Smartthings to tell the camera to record a minute of video.	Latency for viewing live video can be several seconds delayed going through the cloud and back down, but overall works fairly well.	It worked as described in
Works pretty well, but you have to be careful not to break the plastic knobs.	The supporting shaft for the Table and motor head is hollow, the minute you apply any downward pressure on whatever your drilling the entire motor head begins to chatter and move around as well as the material work table, it starts to shake and move.	If you need a good reliable table top drill press this is the one for
Other than that, the chrome looks good- time will tell if they rust.	You would think since the picture is white, you would receive the strips in white, but no they came in metallic blue with a giant sticker in the dead center of them that when you peel it off it makes not one, but several giant scratch marks.	If you wanting to go with the gold or brass look this is a must
unless maybe if they have a regular key as well but still you want the key pad to work the way they are designed to work	If it worked, then great, but the touch screen is very finicky.	You can set different codes for guests or dog walkers and the fob works well too.	A couple things that annoy me is if you lock it with the button and then unlock manually (Turning knob) it
Easy to assemble and maneuver, and you will be surprised at how often you will use it in the dolly configuration.	Very easy to put in the bed of mid-size truck and carry to destinations to unload payload.	It is a good home hand truck but you must be careful with the weight.	Easy enough to assemble, if you have the right tools.	It does the job, but you have to watch the clips for
If you turn on the sensor and then turn on a bright light, it overshoots the reading, then slowly...very slowly trickles down to an accurate value.	Pretty cool tool to tell where the real light is.	Not the functions of a $600 meter,, however you can grab a close average.	This lux meter is perfect for determining the brightness of flashlights, bulbs, rooms, and everything else you ever needed to know.	Not sure exactly how
Easy to install, but not 100% sure of the dimmable functionality.	The app allows you to dim the light as well.	Otherwise, connecting it to Kasa and adding it to Alexa is just as easy and once calibrated to your lights "dimmest" ability, you can tell Alexa to set the light to 50% (for example).	The only tricky part of the installation is identifying the live wire so you need to be comfortable with using
Easy to assemble and sturdy if you use your own wrench to tighten the wheels securly.	Sturdy for the amount you can carry.	If you do this, the product would be better described as a pull cart rather than a push cart in terms of maneuverability.	While easy to assemble, you should use a quality wrench or socket - not the wrench included with the package.	Unless you are on a smooth surface all the
Probably not the most heavy duty of screw driver so know its limitations.	It works better than expected once you get use to the gyroscope function.	Kinda pricey, but it gets the job done, very handy in situations where you only have one hand available and need to do both tightening and loosening.	You are so use to holding your drill steady and with a strong hold, now you have to twist the drill to
They'll fit the purpose quite well.	the hard plastic has absolutely no padding whatsoever and i cant see being comfortable in them for longer then 5 minutes if even that.	Even if they ARE just for show, the quality difference from cheap molded goggles will show that you really CARE about looking the part.	If you just want these to go around a top hat for decorative, ok, (but be aware the center part's pretty
fits well, seems sturdy, but be sure to look at the instructions properly when trying to assemble the headband.	As most know, the military re use as much gear as possible and these helmets are trashed.	Great hat, sits lower on the head than most, so you have a lower center of gravity, this also helps it stay on in the wind or when leaning over.	Basic hard hat, just the way you want them.
Light on it broke after about 2 years, but still works well after that, you just need to remember to change the filter without a reminder.	However it IS effective.. You can taste the difference in the water.	The previous design was good, the new one leaks water around where two halves meet, after only a couple month use they clog up internally when in bypass mode when you use the faucet with the filter
Looks good, works good, and you better have a firm grip on the drill when the screw tightens because it will pull the drill out of your hand if your not careful!	Plenty of power, the smaller batteries are nice and light and will suprise you with how long they go.	Really, for how light and compact they are, you'll be blown away by the power.	light weight, easy to handle, batteries last for a
This is probably the most versatile drill you can own.	This one though is more versatile as you can combine the heads.	The price is also excellent, in Europe you buy it for 170Euro only with the right angle attachment, so words are useless.	Fantastic, and add the $50 light and you are set!	When you click the attached into the tool, It makes a satisfying thumping sound and when you lock it in place,
It is a little hard to open the back cover of the two ringer, but once you put the batteries in, they work very well.	Very convenient and it comes with 2 pagers so you can have in 2 rooms.	As others have said in their review.....if you need to go farther the alarm is very very loud.	These helped make sure that my grandmother was always able to get care immediately at all hours
Try to push the blue button to get it into pair mode like the instructions suggests, and it looks at you and tells you to screw off.	You may have to spend some time working with the your bolt hole, as the alignment has to be friction free.	When you close the door and trigger the lock on the app or other means, and the lock did not successfully engage, the audio lock can be
These bulbs work well and are very easy to setup, but these specific bulbs you can NOT change the color temperature.	Very cool light ,it is programmable timer, set it and leave it ..lights on when you get home and lights out when you go to bed....lol easier way to do thing remotely	Sad... Was hoping to try out the Hue ecosystem but not willing to pay twice as much for bulbs that are actually
The item is exactly as described and easy to use to add the holes you need to any belt	If all is good, apply medium pressure and you are through the belt.	Also, there are no instructions tell you what the other small items in the box are supposed to do and how to do it.	It is bulkier than my hole puncher so you need to get use to the heavier weight.	It’s heavy
You will get the water from a certain angle, a very narrow area.	You really do need a wrench (put something over the joint before you use the wrench, to protect the chrome) and a strong person to turn said wrench.	You can not adjust it because once you install the filter, the nozzle assembly is simply to heavy and the holster assembly can not support it .	It does a good job of filtering
The are extremely bright, but you can vary the setting in five increments.	Super bright, fantastic beam, the level switch is a bit awkward, but you get used to it.	You can dim the light as well so it is not over bearing for the job you need.	If you want a really good quality flashlight, this is the one for you.	Turning the dial or wheel makes the light brighter, until it reaches maximum
Sturdy and design allows some freedom on screw location in case you are not centered on a stud in the wall.	Pretty easy to install, but you may want to use better screws than the ones supplied.	It appears to be very light but once you mount on the wall (with all of its six screws) it feels very sturdy.	The handle rail was as described and very sturdy, make sure you add at least
These were cheap and easy to install, but they are small, so be sure you know the size of your whole.	Very Loud but good quality, you get what you pay for.	But it was cheap, and effectively clears both shower steam and lets just say "other odors" from the bathroom.	Upon inspection, after removal from the ceiling, a washer or thrust bearing seems to be missing, when compared to the old unit (same model
The grip is extremely comfortable but be careful of the hinge as it can pinch you very angrily.	This electric screwdriver works well, and the second battery is coming handy when you have extra work to do while the first battery is still charging.	This works great for light to medium work, battery will last you a while and with the extra battery even longer.	This is a very high quality tool...great torque - all
decent enough for the price, you get what you pay for.	But yeah just cut the strap shorter and you are good to go.	Very easy to use once you get the hang of it.	If you are looking for longer life then get the heavy duty ones.	They will also work great on passenger vehicles as long as you make sure no metal parts will bump or scratch the paint from normal motion going
Gets the job done, but as it is battery operated not made to last if you have a project with many cuts.	if you are looking for convenience not the power or contractor grade, this is fine.	Can RIP through the soft parts like butter.	Don't be fooled by it's size, it's pretty powerful and like any cordless device, as soon as you let off the trigger it stops dead in its tracks, so no
You will have to stay with the cordless model which does a good job, but not as much power and the batteries run down quickly.	Plenty of torque, reasonable length on the cord (but you'll want an extension cord).	If your just assembling things like closets, tables,etc or your just installing things to the wall it will be fine.	This thing packs some pretty serious power, and the different modules you can attach to it
So if you want big, bright graphics, get the stronger ones.	You need it far away from the house to cover any area, but then it's not bright enough to do the job.	Unless you project from a great distance and then the quality suffers.	As you can see in the video and pictures, there are small and large snowflakes that move around and can be adjusted with the little remote.	It has a really
Very good light with Duracell batteries, wonderful and thorough 150 page book to be downloaded.	Works too well if you want to see what your men do to your bathroom after using the toilet as a urinal.	You will never be able to scrub the shame off your walls This works amazingly well.	By the way, if you are looking to see how well your vacuum works, this light also shows up small particles as
this is not as easy as it seems, instructions are vague,make sure this has the correct liner, or it will not fit, the fan works great, light is fine also	Product is fairly light weight, blower is powerful compared to the basic range hoods you can find at the big box stores.	The choice of 6 inch round duct (includes damper and adapter) or non-ducted discharge allow you to make the right installation decision for
The narrow beam is so bright you can see a very long distance, and the wide beam lights up a huge area.	So your out at night walking along with a nice bright light then all the sudden NOTHING, your just in the dark and if you do not carry batteries with you for this situation your just so out of luck.	These however , you have got to push the button five times to
Again, be careful not to misthread when assembling, it will make the lamp lean/not be as sturdy.	Looks great and you can use one of the lights or both.	Also the head of the smaller light seems to be a bit too heavy for the metal hose in some positions, it can be hard to set it exactly how you want.	Great packaging, easy to assemble, and looks fantastic--especially when you consider the price.	It
Short cycling kicks the HVAC unit on/off every five minutes, and this is not energy efficient or safe on the HVAC system.	Easy to install has just enough bells and whistles to justify the price do not try to install rechargeable batteries it will give you low battery warning.	It would be nice if there was a hinge that allowed the front plate to swing down, rather than completely detaching.	The only issue was the
These are very good quality and you can not beat the price.	i am an electrician and after losing klein's 30 to 45 dollars dikes to wear and tear i wanted to go cheap, but i am surprised at the quality.	These are about the best quality you can find without breaking the bank.	If you use these for residential electric work or just a tool for around the house these are fine, but not
If you look at the white makita set that usually runs $179-220 it comes with 2 half size batteries.	At 130$ you are basically getting the impact for free	Plus you can keep it in great shape because of the carrying case	Sure, the case is slightly flimsy but what do you expect?	if you are going to use this tool around the house, one battery should be more than enough.	This comes with 1
These are a replacements for the last pair which served very well for five years up until they were damaged by stepping on a cut pipe or sharp stones . . .	Not sure the velcro holds that great, wonder if it will still work next year.	they are not as high as my old ones ( about 4 inches shorter ) so be sure of the height when you order them.	great product, but
Obviously, the price is alluring as well as some reviews, but at the end of the day you get what you pay for.	Take a look at the video, you can see how much it vibrates by how much the light shakes.	Be sure to check for square out of the box, as mine was not squared, but easy to do.	Almost impossible to cut straight with this saw, no matter how you adjust the
Very nice set, a great addition to my tool box, excellent quality and one of those things that sooner or later will save you..	Very high quality set with every size you could possibly imagine.	quick delivery, good case for the tools so you do lose any, works great	Other then that, this kit has every size you’ll need until you get into the really big stuff.	You cant go wrong for the price and
Inexpensive and good insurance to give you a loud heads up when unwelcome water strikes so you can get to the clean up fast.	They work as advertised but you can improve the sensitivity by taking a small piece of dry paper towel and folding it to fit in the slot under the sensor.	You may have to do a little modification if you want them to sound the alarm at less then 1/8 inch
It is also very stylish and you cannot even see it from the street.	If you order the correct size, it looks very neat once installed.	Make sure you clean the area really well before hanging velcro.	If it is too long and drags along the ground or a rug it will not close properly.	Another advantage is that it keeps all the bugs out and you can have your back door open all the
The 15 lumens lights are bright enough to see my walkway well, only problem is they are light plastic and some of the tops did not want to lock down, they have been installed for a couple of weeks and are working fine, They were staying on most of the night but due to clouds and some shade from the trees they are only lasting about 5 hrs.	The light is bright enough so that
Only wish they lasted longer as the 'expansion' foam eventually wears out after about 4-5 uses.	Works while sleeping if you cut the edges off.	You’re better off putting the money towards something better and of higher quality.	It does not keep the shape of your ear when you insert it.	Just know if you are plagued with small ear holes like me you might not be the biggest fan of these.	Didn’t fit my
You can turn them on/off, adjust brightness and set a time from the remote.	You can also change the brightness!	You can use the remote to adjust the brightness level and set timers.	You can adjust the brightness and set a timer.	You can control the brightness and timer off with the remote.	You can turn them on individually and turn them off or on with the remote control, which will also dim the light
Very simple to use with everything you need to move extremely heavy furniture and appliances safely.	The over the shoulder design allows you to easily move very heavy items without being exhausted.	If the strap slides right out you probably have the harness on upside down.	If the strap connecting the harnesses has another foot longer, it would have been perfect	If you are looking for moving straps to carry heavy items in the house,
Well, you get 12 of them in a variety of sizes and shapes, and the case is nice, but these things are really junk.	Nice having a case that puts them in plain sight so you can pick the one you need and keep them all together.	Excellent set for the person that uses snap ring pliers regularly but not every day, you will be hard pressed to find a better set for the price.
