These are the most comfortable boots I've ever owned. I have a very high arch and have a hard time finding boots that fit. I wear a size 9 and ordered a size 8 and they fit perfectly. They are very comfortable, and I can wear them all day with no issues. I've had them for a couple of months now and they are holding up great. I would definitely buy these again.
When I first got these shoes, I was a little worried that it would be too narrow for my feet. I ordered a half size larger than my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly. The quality of the shoe is great.
I love these shoes. I have a very high arch and these are perfect for my feet. I can wear them all day with no problem. They are very comfortable, and I can wear them all day with no problem. I'm happy with my purchase.
This is my second pair of these shoes. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they're still in great shape. I've worn them a few times now, and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they still look brand new.
I bought these for a trip to Europe. They are so cute and comfortable. I have a hard time finding shoes that don't work for me. These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I wear a size 10 in women's and I ordered a size 8 and they fit perfectly. The only thing I don't like about them is that they are made in the USA.
When I first got these shoes I had to return them because they were too small for me. I have a wide foot and I have a wide foot and these are perfect for me. I can wear them all day with no problem, but I can wear them all day with no problem. They are very comfortable.
When I first got these boots, I had to return them because they were too small. I have a wide foot and they fit great. I wear a size 10 in women's shoes and I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect. I have a very high instep, so I'm not sure if the boots would be too big but that's not a problem. I'm not sure if that's what I paid but they are still in great shape.
I had a pair of these for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I have a wide foot, and I had to order a half size up from my normal shoe size. The toe box is a bit snug but I'm sure they will loosen up a bit. I have a very high arch and these shoes are perfect.
I had a pair of these for a few months now and they are holding up great. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are holding up great. The only thing I don't like about them is that they are a bit narrow in the toe box, but I'll probably have to return them.
These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I have a wide foot, so I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly. I have a wide foot, so I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly. The only thing I would say about them is that they don't have a lot of arch support, but I'm sure they will last a long time.
This is the second pair of these shoes I have purchased. I have a very wide foot, and these are the only shoes I have ever worn. They are comfortable, supportive, and I can wear them all day with no issues. I do not have to worry about losing them, but they are still a great value.
Probably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I wear a size 11 shoe, but I ordered a size 10 and they fit perfectly. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape.
When I first got these shoes, I had to return them. I have a pair of Keen shoes that I have purchased in a long time. These boots have a very good grip on the bottom, and I can wear them all day with no issues. I have a pair of Keen shoes that I have purchased in a long time. These boots have a very good grip on wet surfaces, but I think they will last a long time.
We love these boots. They are so comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear, but I have a wide foot and they fit great. The only downside for me is that they don't hold up for a long time, but they still look great.
These boots are great. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I have a pair of Keen shoes that I have purchased in a long time. These boots are very comfortable, but they will last a long time. The only negative thing I can say is that they are a bit heavy and heavy. I've had them for a few months now and they are still in great shape.
Keen makes a great shoe for the price. I bought a pair for my husband and he loved them so much I bought a second pair. The only problem is that the shoes are not made in the USA, but I think they will last a long time.
I bought these for a trip to Europe. They are so comfortable and easy to walk in. I wear a size 9 in women's shoes, so I ordered a size 8 and they fit perfectly. I have a pair of Birkenstocks in a long time and I love these shoes. They are so comfortable that I bought a second pair in a different color.
This is my second pair of these boots. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. They are a bit heavy but that's not a problem for me. I have a pair of Keen boots that I've bought in the past, and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they still look great.
Saucony is my favorite pair of shoes. I have a wide foot, so I ordered a half size up. They fit well and are comfortable. I have a wide foot, so I had to order a half size up. I wear a 9.5 and ordered an 8 and they fit perfectly. I love these shoes so much that I bought another pair in a different color.
These shoes are great! I have a wide foot and they fit perfectly. I normally wear a size 8 shoe, but I ordered a 9 and they fit perfectly. I have a very wide foot and these are perfect for me. The only thing I would say about the shoe is that they are a bit stiff and uncomfortable.
I really like these shoes. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've been wearing them for a few hours, but they have a lot of support and comfort. I've had them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I'll be buying another pair in a different color.
These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had a pair of these for a few months now and they are still in great shape. The only thing I don't like about these shoes is that they are a bit heavy but that's not a problem for me.
As far as comfort goes ever, these are great boots. I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. I have a pair of Keen's that I have been wearing for a long time. These boots have a nice grip on the bottom, and they kept my feet warm and dry. The only thing I don't like is that they are a bit heavy but that's not a problem.
In love with these shoes. I have worn them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I wear a size 10 in women's shoes, but ordered a size 10 and they fit perfectly. The only problem I've had is that the sole of the shoe has a tint of violet.
In my opinion, the shoes are very comfortable. I ordered a half size larger than my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they still look great.
This is a great shoe. I have a very wide foot and these are perfect for me. I have a wide foot, so I ordered a half size larger than my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly. The only thing I don't like about them is that they don't have a lot of arch support but it's a great shoe.
I love these boots. They are so comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear based on other reviews, but I had to send them back for a size 8 and they fit perfectly. I have a very high arch and these are perfect. I love the fact that they don't look like they will last a long time.
These boots are awesome! I have a pair of Birkenstocks for years, and I love them. I wear a size 10 in women's. I ordered a size 8 and they fit perfectly. The only thing I could tell is that they are a bit loose in the toe area, but that's not a problem for me. I'm happy with my purchase.
I love these boots. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I have a pair of Keen boots that I have purchased in the past and have had no issues with them. These boots are very comfortable, but they do run a bit small. I wear a 9.5 and ordered an 8 and they fit perfectly.
This is the second pair of these I've bought for my wife and she loves them. She has a wide foot, so I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly. She says they are very comfortable and I love the way they look. She has a hard time finding shoes that fit her feet perfectly.
This is my second pair of these boots. I had a pair of these boots for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I wore them around the house to break them in, and they were comfortable right out of the box. I have a pair of Keen boots that I have purchased in a long time. These boots have a nice grip on the bottom of my feet, but I think they will last a long time.
Oh my goodness, I've been wearing these shoes for years. I have a wide foot and have a very wide foot. These shoes are very comfortable. The only thing I don't like about them is that they don't have a lot of arch support, but I'm not sure if they will last a long time.
I really like these shoes. I have a wide foot and I have a very narrow foot. These shoes are a perfect fit for me. I have a narrow foot, so I can wear thick socks with them. I have a narrow foot and they fit perfectly. I can wear them all day with no issues. I'm not sure if they will last a long time.
These shoes are so cute and comfortable. I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear, but I had to return them for a size 8 and they fit perfectly. They are so comfortable that I can wear them all day with no problem. I'm not sure if they will break in a bit, but that's what I wanted.
These boots are great. I have a pair of Keen's that I have purchased in a long time. These boots have a very good grip on the bottom, and they are very comfortable. I wore them for a few hours each day and my feet stayed dry and dry. The only problem I have is that they are a bit stiff and uncomfortable to walk around in. I would recommend these boots to anyone.
When I first got these boots I had to return them because they were too big and I had to return them. I wear a size 9 in women's, so I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect. I have a wide foot and they fit perfectly. I'm a size 8 in women's, so I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect.
I was looking for a pair of shoes that I could wear for a long time. These shoes are very comfortable and have a very good grip on the bottom of my feet. The only thing I would say about them is that they are a bit heavy, but I think they will last a long time. I highly recommend them.
I've been wearing these for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now, but I can't even get my feet into them. The only problem I have is that they are a little loose in the toe area. I'm not sure if they will last a long time.
These are the best boots I've ever owned. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. My feet stay warm and dry. The only thing I don't like about them is that they are a bit heavy, but I'm not sure if they will last a long time.
I had a pair of these for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. I love these boots so much I bought a second pair in a different color. The only thing I would say about them is that they are a bit stiff, but they're a little loose in the toe area.
I've been wearing these for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I would recommend these to anyone who wants to wear them.
When I first got these shoes, I had to return them because they were too small for me. I wore them for a few hours each day, and they were comfortable right out of the box. I have been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. The only downside for me is that they are a bit heavy but that's not an issue for me.
I bought these for my wife. She loves them. She wears a size 11 in women's and they fit perfectly. She has a wide foot, so I ordered a size up and they fit perfectly. She loves them.
When I first tried them on, they were too narrow for my feet. I have a wide foot and I have a wide foot. These shoes are perfect for me. The only negative thing I have is that the toe box is a bit narrow in the toe area. I can wear them all day with no issues.
I love these shoes. I have a wide foot and they fit perfectly. I wear a women's size 8 shoe. I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect. I love the way they look, but I'm sure they will last a long time. I love them!
These boots are amazing! I have a wide foot so I ordered a half size up because I have a wide foot and they fit perfectly. They are a bit heavy but I can wear them all day with no issues. I have a high instep and these boots are so cute!
These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they have been great. I've been wearing them for a couple of years now, and I can't say enough good things about these shoes. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they're still in great shape. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they still look great.
When I first got these boots, I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear based on other reviews. I have a wide foot, and they fit perfectly. I have a pair of Keen boots that I have purchased in a long time. These boots have a nice grip on the bottom, and I can wear them all day with no issues. They are very comfortable to walk in and take time to break in.
These are great shoes. I have a wide foot, so I ordered a half size larger than my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly. I've been wearing them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they are still in great shape. I've had them for a few months now and they still look great.
When I first put these boots on, they were a perfect fit for me. I have a wide foot and have a hard time finding boots that fit well. These boots are a great value for the price. I have a pair of Keen boots that I have purchased in a long time. These boots are very comfortable, but they do not hold up to daily use. I would highly recommend them.
