These boots are beautiful. . I went a half size smaller and they fit perfect. . I love love love them..
The sneakers are just what I expected. They fit just perfect this is my 3rd pair of high top Fila I bought a red pair and a tan one so .yes I like them and the fit. I’ll probably buy a couple more.
I love these shoes. They are Comfortable all day ling
This was an amazing price for Sperry boat shoes. I was looking to replace my old pair that I had been using for the past 2.5 years (there was a good period of several months where I wore them everyday). However, when buying these shoes, be sure you've tried on and walked around in boat shoes before. Sperry boat shoes are notorious for having low arch support and personally, I cannot comfortably walk in them for more than a couple hours. That's just how Sperry's are. Nonetheless, these are authentic/good quality for a great price (normal msrp between $80-100).
If you wear UGGs, you know they are not true to size and you have to find your perfect size. But I LOVE these slippers!!!!! I'm usually a size 6/7 in women's but a size 4-5 in UGGs
I like Clark's shoes because they fit well and are very comfortable .
My daughter like her EMU boots. It's nice to have quality and a good price when selecting boots. Thank you very much.
Fits as I expected, but people new to New Balance should know that the trail shoes run a bit wider than the running shoes - so this pair is slightly large for me. Still, they're great, sturdy shoes.
Great shoes, I love Reebok's.... These shoes are perfect! Comfortable, great for walking and running.
I love this shoe! Is so comfortable I can wear to work all day and feet never hurt. I have it in three colors I love it so much!
ASICS make great running shoes. This ones fit me perfectly.
Beautiful shoes just way bigger than other wide shoes size 10 I was nervous to buy these I have not ever owned a pair of Puma but great and comfortable shoes
Great hiking boot, one of the best boots out there! It has really good support, not too heavy.
Love them! I have Keen women boots and love them, so I went looking for a pair for my son. These are amazing. Wider fit which is great for my son's wide feet. soft supporting bottom, flexible. Water proof and warm. My son loves wearing them. These are the 2nd pair. When he grows out of them, I will buy a size up.
These Vasque Breeze 2.0 hiking boots are the most comfortable boots right out of the box that I have ever owned!
I had 4 pair of New Balance tennis shoes and the sole has separated from all 4 pair. I will never buy a New Balance tennis shoes again!
The shoes feel really comfortable. The shoes fit as expected and are not too wide or too narrow for my feet. I feel like I could wear these shoes all day however I bought them to use in a gym shower. I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shower shoes.
As an electrician I need good work boots. I put them on before work, with the thought that new boots were going to make my feet sore. To my surprise these boots felt great for my 10 hour work day. These boots, provide good support for my ankles and feet. To top it off, the boots are comfortable. So far I like the boots.
Love Keen shoes! I have a wide foot and I never have problems with these shoes.
So far I love these shoes for running. They are comfortable and true to size.
I LOVE these shoes! they fit perfect! THese shoes are extremely comfortable and perfect for crossfit. ! i loved the color and the feel of the shoes!! !
Great shoes! Really light and the most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever had.
Perfect snow boots! We live where there is snow flon the ground for at least 6 months every year. Good snow boots are very important. These are perfect and keep feet dry and warm. They are worn everyday and are very durable as well! Love Kamik!
Great school shoes! Fit as expected and they’re comfortable for my daughter.
Ordered white leather Converse trainers from Blackleaf but received white canvas Converse trainers. Really disappointed so will return shoes and order elsewhere.
The shoes do not have as much support as I like but they are comfortable.
I ordered these shoes because of all the great reviews and someone I know loves them. I read and was told that you need to break them in. This is very true! I have worn them a few times just for a few hours to break them in. I love them so far. I am still breaking them in and seem to be struggling with breaking them in in the heel area. The fit is exactly what I expected. I usually wear a 9 and that is what I ordered. The color and texture are as expected. Overall a great shoe! I plan on ordering the leather Desert Boot.
Love my Hunter boots!! I highly recommend these. I would order a size smaller than what you normally wear. I usually wear about a size 7 but ordered a size 6 and they fit perfect. There is plenty of room for warm socks.
Love these boots. Fit is good. Comfortable right out of the box. I have never had a problem with Danner boots
Great fall booties. Very comfortable, can walk around all day in them. They look good with jeans and skirts. Love the Dark stone color. Get compliments every time I wear them.
I wear these boots every day. They last about a year and a half. Longer than any other boot I have bought. I am on my 6th pair. Great steel toe boots.
I love these shoes an the colors look so good an they are really comfortable
Love these shoes! The patent leather gives the shoe a more professional look. They fit perfectly as expected, however, I have a wide foot and bought the "b/m" because they did not offer a wide. I am glad I did, but a person with a narrow foot will likely find these shoes too wide u less wearing thick socks. This is my fourth pair of fitflops, my 2nd pair of closed toe, and thonly shoes I can wear that do not hurt my feet! The Fitflops technogy releases my heel pain and nerve damage pain in the ball of my foot. Great shoes!
They are so beautiful, I can't wait for my wedding day to wear them.
I'm at my second keen work boots and they've been great with my feet
Love these boots! They are great with the adjustable back. These are perfect for if your calf is just a little too big for the regular Hunter boots. I would definitely recommend these!
These shoes are great for walking/ hiking/ biking etc. Although, I would not wear them in wet weather as they are not made to be waterproof or water resistant. Other reviews said to order a size larger than you normally wear. I ordered an 8 (my normal size) and they fit great. Very comfortable to wear and walk in all day. Love the color of these shoes. Seems hard to find shoes that don't have gaudy neon colors all over them. I plan on wearing these on my trip to Scotland and look forward to comfortable feet and not looking like an American tourist.
9.5 is what I wear, have many boots and shoes and all are 9.5. Had to return these and get 10.5. The 10.5 fit very well, so order one size up if you want them to fit. Great boots otherwise. First time that I have bought zippered boots but they work really well.
The shoes fit as expected and are very soft on the inside. They hold up to the snow and keep my 8 year old son's feet warm. I highly recommend these boots!
Super cute rain boots!! Rain boots that make you want it to rain! Great color! Super comfortable. These aren't the most flexible rain boots. I normally wear a size 7 to 7 1/2 shoe. I ordered a size 8 and the fit is great. I can also wear them with thick socks comfortably. I normally wear a 7 in Crocs.
I’ve been wearing the Merrell hiking boots for years. The fit great and wear well.
Most comfortable pair of golf shoes I have ever worn.
My son has to wear braces and these fit so well over the braces and look very nice...love them!
When I ran my first marathon, the store I went to specialized in running shoes. They fitted me with the Mizuno Wave Rider. I've been hooked ever since. There are a LOT of amazing shoe brands, and I've tried to buy beyond Mizuno over the years, but for my feet, with high arches, this shoe gives the best overall support.
Super cute and love the platform. Ordered 1/2 size down and wish I’d gone down a whole size.
These boots fit perfectly. I always wanted thigh high boots but can never find any boots that fit my thunder thighs. So happy I got these boots. Will be buying more in different colors.
The shoes are great! I like how it fit and look!
These boots run small. If you need to use a heavy sock you better get at least one size larger,..maybe more. Otherwise they are a very good boot. I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and then had to exchange them for a full size larger. But a very comfortable boot that is light and keeps you warm.
Seems like a good shoe, however they are much too narrow for my feet.
I've worn these boots on 2 hikes and they are great boots, just like the Danner Mountain Light boots I bought last year.
