I used the Danner Website to approximate the size I would need and it is spot on. I love my Danner boots! These boots fit great! Received promptly, but very very narrow. Many reviewers were saying these boots ran big while many others said to order your regular size. They do take awhile to break in so give yourself time to do it before you're trip. I plan on many years of hiking! I love these boots! They are my favorite boots!! Odd SIZING, great boot! I ordered a size 6 and they fit perfect. The boots are beautiful. Ordered a half size down, since that's what the Danner Website suggested. I have pretty Normal/Narrow feet but I had to exchange for a 9.5 because I knew my toes would be Cramped.
Now that's out of the way, I like the design and the comfort of these Filas. A gift to a male. Very nice looking shoes, no doubt. I own many high end stylish shoes but these are special the remind me of the 90S in a special way. I was impressed with the quality of the leather and the support offered. It's really small but if I was to step in the light someone might see it. Old school Fila bringing new school flair. The red color was too bright for me. I bought these to use as a light-weight Motorcycle boot. The ankle strap on the shoe gives me extra ankle support and the inside is very Cushy. You will need to insert your favorite Insoles in these sneaks. The shoes had glue on the top, both the right & left shoe (s). Yankee blue is my favorite. Overall four out of five Star shoe.
Got the for my mom and she is in love with them. I am on my feet at school for 6Hrs and these slip on and off so easily and are extremely comfortable. Also my foot slips out if the back when I walk. I went out and bought some arch supports, first, to put in these shoes. I love Sketchers shoes, it ’ s all I buy. It really is Comfy. I work 12H shifts and have bone spurs on my heel. I ’ m going to try another half size bigger, a size 7. Easy to slip on and off. Loved this but Unfortunately it was not wide enough. And the best part is, the memory foam in them holds up. They are most comfortable and hug the foot. Like walking on air. Love Skechers.
I have been wearing Top-Siders for years. The sole began to separate from the body of the shoe at the toe. Boat shoes. These are the typical 80's Top-Siders. Quality leather and design. The price was well below one would expect to pay at a retail location. I have warrants Sperry Topsiders for years. Classic top Sider. A real boat shoe. Poor quality. I expect to wear these shoes for the next 10 years. Great shoes. I've been wearing Sperry Topsiders since my college days at Uva. Nice casual shoes.
Equal sizes in European size. Love them! But I love these slippers!!!!! My granddaughter loves them. Since I get a lot of things via Amazon, I know that I can get anything shipped fast and there is no Hassel. It's too bad they don't have half sizes. The fur inside makes them so warm. It's very warm and Confe, you can also walk comfortable. I ordered the kids 4 and they fit great. My mom and I both wear a women's size 7. Just perfect. :) Ugg never Disappoints. They are cozy and warm. They are not authentic.
Love Clark's shoes! I will not buy Clark's from Amazon again. Clark's are the best! Besides, they look great with jeans! I usually can't wear shoes al day...but I can these. I am on my feet all day. Love these shoes. Ouch! I love Clarks shoes. It's a good, "all purpose" shoe that I can wear comfortably all day. I have always loved the quality of Clark ’ s shoes having worn many different Clark styles over the years. I have several issues with my feet, and often have trouble finding shoes that fit comfortably, but these are wonderful. Now that I ’ M home, I wear them to work every day. They are very comfortable and nice looking.
This is a great price for what is Arguably a better boot (Ugg model runs 200). Ordered a 6 in this and found that they were far too big. I love these boots!!!!!!!!! My daughter like her Emu boots. Very happy with this seller! This pair seems to be better, but time will tell. The squeaking was the only issue I had with the boots. The inside is warm and cozy. I ordered these boots when they were the gold box deal. I had to return them and order a 9. I tried to clean them with a Suede cleaner but they still have a water mark. Shipping was within a week and free. I wear a 9 and I ordered an 8 after reading all the reviews that said they run big and to order a size down. Couldnt even find these anywhere for less than 150, what a deal.
The true test is longer run 10+ which I will try soon and post updates. Nice shoes. 4.5 my favorite color is purple; that's why I chose this pair. The Trail shoes have a memory sole which absorbs the impact of distance walking. Fits very nicely, but is cheaply made. It's more like a pink. Im on my Feet10+ hours a day and need something Comfy yet durable. New balance shoes give me great foot support and are very comfortable. Love new balance shoes and particularly these. I purchased the wide width and these shoes did great. I usually wear a 8.5 in new balance, but the site recommended an 8. Great for running on the street or hiking. I really wanted to like these, but since I have narrow beyond belief heels, a "little large" is much too large for a running shoe.
No one is saying that they don't have arch support!! I've been buying Reebok Zig Tech running shoes for years now for their quality, durability and arch support. I keep buying them because they help me out. Mens size 7.5 was delivered. I just purchased this 5.0 version as a replacement. I have long, narrow feet and I like a good arch. A little narrow but as you wear them they soon stretch out to be just Wright. I have been consistently pleased by Reebok. I am exceptionally hard to Satisfywhen it comes to shoes. My son says they are the most comfortable athletic shoes he has ever worn. They're nice-looking shoes, durable and of obvious good quality, and they feel great. They don't run small like Nike or big like Adidas. They are just now starting to wear out on the inside. Reebok are the only shoes that fit right.
The most comfortable high heels I ’ ve ever worn! Very frustrating as these are really cute and the heel height is perfect for work. These are beautiful & so comfortable!!! They're absolutely beautiful, elegant, and so comfortable. They can dress up a pair of jeans or wear them for a dressy night out. I get compliments every time I wear them. These are gorgeous! I purchased 3 different colors of the beautiful Calvin Klein shoes. I ordered the nude pair also! Incredibly comfortable for a middle height but not super high heel. The strap across the middle of the shoe holds your foot in. Love the style of these shoes! Strap holding your foot in creates additional stability. If you do not want to show toes but still need to be presentable, this is the shoe!
He says he doesn't even have to wear his Orthotic inserts in them. I am on my feet all day at work and these shoes are much more comfortable than my last pair, which I paid more for. I purchased these shoes to wear for work, where I can spend over 12 hours at a time on my feet. I love these running shoes. I would recommend the Asics GEL excite 3 for anyone looking for a supportive shoe that will get them through long days. They fit well and I do a lot of walking so I get a new pair about every six months. Used for walking, not running. I don't use them for running, so they really don't have many miles on them, and I don't wear them every day. I like these shoes more than I thought I would. He says the fit great and are very comfortable. These feel very comfortable. Great shoe for the value. I recommend the carbon fiber Colorway. These are for at the gym, walking to and from the office, etc.
I bought these for my husband and he loves them! These are categorized as running shoes. Now this is a good looking pair of shoes! This is my fourth pair of Pumas. I'm reserving these for gym use only, no casual wear, and I actually want to go to gym them now just to put them on! I like the look and feel of these Puma Tazon 6 shoes. Add the fact that they are really sharp looking and I'm very happy with these shoes! Great shoe at a great price, slightly snug feel, but not truly size altering. My first and last Pumas. Not bad for the money but does need some quality control. They are very nice shoes. I thought it was odd to have this shoe larger than my other size 8 Pumas. He only wear Puma shoes at this point. Great looking shoe.
Wore them on a 14 mile hike out of the box. Great ankle support. This is my third pair of Salomon hiking boots. Very waterproof. Comfortable right out of the box. Best boots I have ever owned. Best hiking boots!!!!! Excellent boot. Very comfortable, rugged and provided excellent support. No break in period. These are great boots. Great boot. I love these boots. Great Lacing system.
Well made product as usual with keen. They are warm and comfortable. I wear a size 7 ladies and I got a 6 youth which will work great with warm socks. Like others have said: SIZING is way off. Highly recommended! These are pretty durable. You have to really jam it in there. Plus, they are easy on, easy off with the Velcro tab. I only buy keen brand for my kids because they have wide feet. Great looking boot, love it. My daughter loves the color. I got these for my almost 2 year old. My daughter is pleased and referred to the as "solid". They still look brand new after a few months of wearing them.
I bought my first pair of Vasque 4 years ago and I was hooked. Great ankle support. Horrible hiking boots. These boots are good quality, typical of Vasque. Comfortable right out of the box. So far these seem to be a durable boot. To date I have Backpacked approximately 150 miles in these boots. This is my fourth pair of Vasque breeze boots in twelve years. The soles are Vibrams and I don't feel alot of under foot issues. They are comfortable, rugged, waterproof and fit perfectly. No break in period. Love these boots! Great hiking boots. Great boot.
Original new balance quality! This is the second pair of the same shoe that did the exact same thing. I have worn new balance shoes for tennis for many years. I have worn new balance tennis shoes for years. Best tennis shoes I ever owned! This is one of the few tennis sneakers (and even casual shoes) for which the narrow width is really narrow. I ’ ve been wearing this line of shoes for years. These fit perfectly snug, and I may even go back to thinner socks. I had Plantar Fasciitis. They are very comfortable on the tennis court and well as off. They are exactly the same quality you would get in any Department or shoe store. Great shoe for a wide footed man. The 806 works best for me. The Mc806 new balance tennis shoe is not near the new balance 656 tennis shoe that I was hopping to replace.
They are not slippery even with soapy water. I use these for the shower at the gym. They fit perfectly. Love these shower shoes. Perfect for the pool. I purchased these to use in the shower at the gym. The slide is very comfortable. I don't like flip flops. These run super small I ordered a size bigger and they were still small. I recommend these shower shoes. I bought these to wear in the shower on a recent camping trip. They dry very quickly. They do not slip at all in the Shower~And they are comfortable! They are much more comfortable than thong flip flops.
The Brace RAISES my foot too high and the seam rubs the back of my foot an inch from the sole of my foot! It ’ s not even 3 months of wearing these boots and they are hurting my feet! I bought these boots 6 months ago 10 1/2 W and they fit perfect. Great boot! Seems like a solid work boot. I'll swear by Carhartt clothing, but these boots are garbage! Not waterproof!!!! Comfortable with no break in time needed. Good boot! If these hold up as well as the last did, they ’ ll be great boots! Just as described. I have to be careful with work boots. Everything is solid on this shoes except the tongues. Soles are great, they actually hold up very well in water.
Just got these, on my feet all day. The barn red is a nice color and not too bright. I got my usual shoe size, and they are very tight with my wool socks. I am trying another size and style and am praying it works. My feet stay nice and powder fresh all day. Keens feel great in me, so I've been committed. Comfortable, warm shoe with good support. Nice and warm for the winter. I just love the way they fit. Comfortable though, and they appear to have good tread. The Kaci winter Wp shoes are just what I was looking for. Plenty of toe room for those with wider feet. The keen shoes are adorable and very comfortable. I love keen shoes.
Great padding around the ankle. Also they look fine but once on my feet they looked more like a mans shoe. The material is very Breatheable and does not crowd your feet in the shoe. I wear a 9 in athletic shoes and this shoe fit perfectly lengthwise. The best sneakers I ’ ve worn in over a decade. They always fit well and last a while for me as Im on my feet 40+ hours a week. They ’ re very comfortable. I use them at the gym. Bought this shoe for an outdoor musical festival and it was very comfortable. I am normally a solid 7.5 in most shoes - with Adidas I always go with a 7 and it fits perfectly. These are super comfortable for working out and running on the treadmill. Nice shoe, but as you can see from my pictures it runs very large. Had these shoes from Februrary to May, only used while at work, sitting at a desk. I love Adidas!
It's because of the break in the sole across the toes for Flexabilty. These are excellent shoes for Crossfit! They made an amazing difference in my balance and control. They offer both good support and cushion. But I'm a runner so used to running shoes. Love love love my Nanos! They make me more comfortable and stable during my wod's and just all over. I use them daily at the gym on weight machines and treadmill. I received my shoes sooner than expected! I am never let down by Reebok Crossfit Nano's. And I really love the color scheme!! Awesome shoe! The toe box has plenty of room and I ordered my regular size. Great Crossfit shoe.
I use these for basketball. He really likes the Insoles which are similar to a memory foam. At first he thought they were just a regular pair of sneakers until he slipped his feet into them. If I could find a glue that worked well on leather and rubber together, I'd keep them. Now there is a piece of rubber on the sole flapping around. Needed a reasonable priced shoe as I'm sure he isn't done growing. Overall we are happy with these shoes and ordered a seconds pair. They are so Cushioned it's almost ridiculous I highly recommend if you are working all day on your feet. Afterwards, the bottom sole started to become unglued. The cloud foam is for real. Good fit, lots of cushion, good Traction on a hardwood court. Very comfortable and fits as expected. Seem to be wider than standard Shoes- but that's okay with me. He's on his feet most of the day and these shoes allow him to do so with minimal pain in his feet and back.
Warm and dry. Kamik boots are great quality. Kamik makes great quality winter boots. Love Kamik! Glad I ordered a size up because they seem to run a bit small. Kamik boots are the best kids boot for a reasonable price. It ’ s still summer here, but I knew I needed a new pair of snow boots and didn ’ t want to wait until the last minute. This is the 4TH year I have purchased Kamik boots for my son. I bought the black for my son and he has worn them all winter (and it ’ s still snowing). These are excellent quality boots, very warm, and will keep their feet cozy and dry! Perfect for my 8 year old. Removable/Replaceable liner is a good bonus. Anyway, I am an adult, but can wear kids size 4 shoes. Easy to put on and off.
My daughter loves them! Great school shoes. These shoes need Shined, as they are real leather. My daughter wore these everyday as part of her uniform. I've always purchased stride Rite shoes for my daughter. My 8 year old daughter loves them. Perfect for school uniform standards. High stride Rite quality! I love stride Rite shoes. Good leather shoes need a shoe Polish every now and again. Daughter wears these all day. I grew up wearing stride Rite shoes so my expectations where high. Great shoe and my daughters loved it. I purchased these shoes for my daughter to wear with her school uniform.
Apart from the first couple of wears, the shoe is Comfy and can see it lasting a good while. Gorgeous Trainers! Because these are leather they clean very easily with a wipe instead of having to put the cloth ones in the wash! Leather stays cleaner longer than canvas and dry too. Very happy customer. I got blisters on the back on my feet but I usually have with leather shoes. The shoes arrived really quickly before the estimated delivery and are surprisingly quite nice! She was absolutely delighted and impressed by my choice! Good quality of leather, converse are classic!!!! The leather seems good quality and the colour is white, and after a few weeks of wear and it hasn ’ t faded. I did like the looks of these shoes, however when on they made my feet look huge. This leather Trainers look exactly the same as canvas ones but are a bit tough. Great for school not sent into isolation with wrong shoes! Love the leather finish.
Kudos for Ryka offering a wide in a totally adorable shoe. Straps across the top of foot barely reach to other side to attach to Velcro closure. I have a lot of them! When foot is flexed, strap Pops off!!! I have a pink pair in size 7.5 that fit great. Love Ryka shoes. The sides of the heels are high on my ankles. This style has little or no support, and my experience is that the ankle feels slightly collapsed. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. They look nicer than a traditional athletic shoe. This is not a running shoe, so it need not be so flat. Very cute shoes. I tried washing them but it only improved the look slightly. I have no problem with the straps--they are long enough for me.
I've already gotten compliments and I've only worn them once! This shoe is fairly snug, even though I went up a size and a half. I decided to split the difference and ordered what should have been my normal size since I could return if wrong. They have some heel padding but no arch support which works well for me because I need to put in my own. I don't think I could wear them for hours and as they are leather I hope they will stretch a bit. Like other reviewers said, no arch support for these boots at all. They are soft and the distressed Taupe is gorgeous. Be patient and they'll soften up. The shoes take a lot of breaking in. Love these boots! They look great with Flowy short dresses and also with skinny jeans. The shoes are meant to get distressed easily and they really do. I really love the silhouette of classic Clarks desert boot, but I have issues with the thickness of the sole and boots overall. I wanted to love these shoes.
They fit perfect. I wear a size 7 & the boots fit like an extra wide 8. Came in original Hunter box and inserts. There was way too much room in the size 9 boots - even with the Hunter Fleece socks. The color is awesome. I can ’ t wait to actually wear them!! I love my Hunter boots. Love these boots. The are definitely authentic and great quality. Hunter rain boots are the best. They were way too big; not just a little loose but very much too big. They are so cute! Plus the shiny red color is really pretty! These boots definitely run large so I would size down if you're a half size.
I've seen the laces snap after much use and abuse, extended wear. Excellent hikers. I wear Mens size 9.5 and Thats what I ordered and the fit was perfect. The one real issue I had was that the Gore-Tex lining slipped constantly. They felt worlds better before I even laced them up. I have been wearing Danners for 25 years, USA and import for corrections work and I like them both. Comfortable right out of the box. This is my second pair of Danners. I've had several Danner boots in the past, they have always been great. I have the Usaf Danner boot for work and found I used them even at home. The first issue I had was that I like to use Paracord for my laces, and these boots don't have standard lace holes. The provided laces never stay tied. I walk 5 to 8 miles daily while working, outdoor dirt & mud and indoor concrete slab floors. I ordered wide (EE) but they were still very tight on the side of my feet.
Can walk in them all day. Xoxo, Erica Marie. Unfortunately to was too small plus the high front bothered the top of my foot, the front portion should be cut lower. There does, however, seem to be an extra bit of room at the toe, so perhaps I could have gone with a 7 1/2 instead. These are an unusual Fleshy/Peach/Nude color. I love these boots! I am glad to find this kind of boot I was looking for. I get so many compliments when I wear These-Even from men!!. But I live in SC so that's not a concern. Look nice with jeans, leggings or a skirt. I love these Booties!! I get compliments every time I wear them! Look great with leggings, skinny jeans or even a skirt! As a teacher, I'm on my feet most of the day.
I only gave 4 stars since a tiny piece of the leather on the steel toe Chiped off. Reviewing the timberland pro men's 6" pit boss Steel-Toe work boot. I bought these boots January of 2018. The steel toe digs into your toes. Awesome work boot. Best boots on the market. Solid steel toe. The last pair lasted me three years. Shoe is great, after two months of use five days a week. Still a good boot. Great steel toe boots. Solid pair of steel toes for the price. I purchased these boots for my son because his new job required Steel-Toe boots. These are great work boots.
This is a fantastic shoe. The colors look better in person and that's saying a lot. Fits great does have an odd tongue though. These are my first Saucony shoes. Great shoe overall! I wear a women's 9.5 and mistakenly ordered a men's 8 when I needed a men's 8.5, which is not in stock. Overall, I want to say these shoes fit great and are incredibly comfortable. A little bit roomy but still very Wearable, however I could have gone a half size down to a 10.5. It is attached to the side of the shoe. Saucony shoes fit me best of all the brands I have tried. They color looked amazing and they are very comfortable. They look really rice and offer really unique Colorways. I will buy these again. I ordered the wrong size Saucony grid sneakers.
Comfortable all day - and I am on my feet most of the time. I can ’ t wear them. Same comfort level as the sandals. Obviously I love fit flops. Unfortunately, I've started experiencing foot and ankle pain with just about every shoe I own...except my Fitflops. I have the sandals and they are the best fitting shoes. If you love fit flops like I do, you'll love these. The high gloss coating rolled back and peeled off. I have them in most colors and wear them almost 24/7. However all my open Fitflops a (Incl. These shoes are so wonderful, I even got my mother a pair! I love Fitflops. I could model about all of their styles from my own closet!!!!!!!! The color is fun - bright red.
The shoes came with GEL inserts for the heels and the front part, which is a nice touch. I can ’ t wait to wear them on my wedding day. Can ’ t wait to wear these at my wedding. Although these shoes are beautiful, I could not wear them longer than an hour. I had to remove them at my wedding and go barefoot. The heel is the perfect height as well. I bought the shoes for my wedding and they are perfect! They truly are elegant and very well made! It's very upsetting because they would have been perfect but the color was not right. After trying on multiple pairs of Badgley Mischka's, I ended up wearing these for my wedding. It turns out all the typical “ event ” shoes are made with 4 ” heels. I love it overall. They came with heel grips and cushions - one of the best purchases I have ever made! Beautiful shoe.
These boots are the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn. The rubber covering the steel toe on fourth pair began to tear after only 7 days of wear. Im not sure if I'd buy another pair of these the next time I need work boots. Great boot! They are not waterproof either. One of the most comfortable work boots I have ever used. However keen does have an awesome warranty. Not worth it. Very comfortable for such a heavy and substantial boot. This is the last pair of keen work boots I will ever buy. This is my second pair. When compared to the Justin water proof boots I now own you can see all the Stitching where water can get into your boots. I returned the first pair but they were so comfortable I tried another pair and after a week the same thing happened. The left foot also has wet spots on either side of the steel toe.
I love the adjustable back. Plenty of room! I wear a 7 but ordered a 6. These are great rain boots. But I have very slim legs so the boot was big around calf muscle. The adjustable buckle for the calf is also very helpful, particularly if you are wearing leggings vs. jeans. I am 5' 3" and my calves measured 16.5" in circumference. These boots are perfect for wearing during rain or damp weather. I love the boots but they're a little small. Super cute! The Clasps is very Classy looking and it ADJUSTS perfectly for those of us with larger calves. Love my Hunter boots! They fit perfectly! I love these boots.
Comfortable and great Traction. Glad I got them. These are the best Merrell shoes I have. Love these shoes! I bought these shoes to hike in Zion National Park and they were very comfortable. They are very light and airy. Love these hiking shoes. They are lightweight, and comfortable. Not a very good water shoe, which is what it's supposed to be used for. Had to find on Amazon because I have been checking with Merrell for several years and they stopped making these style shoes. Love how they fit straight out of the box! These shoes are amazing! They are super easy to clean. Best water shoes I've ever had!
Great boot for the price! The sole of this boot has started to separate from the boot. Great boots for the price. Very good quality comfortable boots for 50 bucks. Side Zipper makes for easy on and off. However, I wore them for 2 days in the field. Work boots for 5 months. Love these boots. Great boots. The one major drawback to these boots is the fact that they are not slip resistant. I've had these boots for a month. I wouldn't say these are water proof but Water-Resistant is more accurate. Light weight and comfortable.
My 8 year old loves these boots. They are super warm and Comfy. The boots are not waterproof. They keep his feet warm and dry. My son loves them. My son is 4 years old and wears a size 10 or 10.5 in every shoe brand. I bought these for my 5 year old. My son used these last year in bitter Chicago cold. Easy to put on and take off. Perfect and warm! Love the fur lining in the boots, easy to get on and off, and can't beat them for this price! There would be ice Breakers- metal pieces on the bottom. They fit as expected. Grear snow boot for kids.
It ’ s hard for me to find boots that fit my Legs- these were perfect! Very light weight! All in all it seemed like a nice study shoe. I ordered these for work and I will never order Crocs Online again. They are so light compared to others Ive had in the past, which really helps with the Clunkiness of wearing rain boots. It was muddy and we went through a Creek as well. But not flexible, my calves are not big, but these fit too snug over leggings. The return amount was deducted by over 60% just for trying them on because they consider that “ worn once “. I absolute love these boots!!!! Loved these rain boots! I always admired Crocs on others until I purchased these boots. I thought they might become less stiff with use, but no. They are comfortable and I had no issues with the calf fit, however, I am a Petite person.
Awesome hiking boots. I have had a pair of Merrell boots for about ten years and they were all leather. Was out in the rain with them the other day and my feet did not get wet. I have other pairs of Merrell shoes for running. Water proof. Comfortable right out of the box. But they are not waterproof. They fit perfectly. Overall a good boot. These are great boots. Merrell ’ s are great. No break in period. Bought these for a 5 hour hike in the Azores. Great hiking boot.
The issue is with the sole of the shoe that is glued on the shoe. These golf shoes look great and they are extremely comfortable. I have been buying Skechers golf shoes for several years. Let me start by saying I loved everything about this shoe .... for 4 rounds of golf. They also came with a spare set of laces, which are gray and I used those instead of the White. Nice looking shoe. The most comfortable golf shoes I have ever purchased. Extremely comfortable shoe. My feet felt fine all day golfing. Fit was excellent and comfort outstanding! My feet were a little warm but not uncomfortable at the end of the round. Very impressive. My second pair of Skechers golf shoes. Don't play golf on wet grass because these shoes are not water resistant.
I read some other reviews that stated the shoes fit as expected, but the 1 was very tight on him. I ordered these for my 8 year old son. In cookies, candies, juice won't help in these the things he loves. Loved these boots for a great trip to the mountains! Shoe laces come loose almost every time, at first I thought it was kids fault, tied myself, still get loose...go figure. My son wears a 12 1/2 ANS I ordered a 1 for growing room and they are super small. These boots fit my son perfectly! I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots, wouldn't take them off. In slept in them. Now he's the type of little guy takes off everything even his diapers, but he kept on these boots in dance all night. They keep his little Piggies warm and dry! Product arrived in a timely fashion and in good condition. I really like the product! These are not timberland boots!
Near perfect for my Feer if my feet were not wide. I did not realize how many different and confusing choices there are in Mizuno running shoes. I ’ m not a runner, but I do a lot of walking & cross training. This is my 4TH shoe in the wave rider. I have had a several of these same shoes in other models. I ended up returning the inserts because the shoe itself had all the cushion I needed. Will have to return them. Great running shoe. I have Supinated feet with extremely high arches. The cushion is very comfortable, everything is soft and just right. I returned them the next day. Have worn wave riders for probably 12 years. And they ’ re perfect for that. I was recommended Mizuno's by a specialty running store and have been buying them for years.
Super cute and trendy. My foot was slipping out of them. There is no arch support, but I bought Insoles which fixed that. I got a 7.5 after reading the reviews. The size is right but feet would slip out when walking. Laces were tightened. Shoe is super heavy and is very uncomfortable. They are heavier than I expected so it may not be suitable for long walks. May go for the White...love love love the little boost of the platform. I love the platform style and they are so comfortable. Super cute! These shoes are so cute and hip! The souls are filthy as though someone has already worn them as well as the inside of the shoes. Wish I can return, but I threw away the box already.
They fit great. I tried them on right when I got the package and was amazed that they fit perfectly. They do start to slip down a bit when I'm walking, but it's not annoying and I'm able to pull them up again. These boots are absolutely amazing! These are just pull up and it stretches. I love these boots! These boots are super cute and I love the fit! They definitely fit best when worn over jeans. I got the color Taupe & am very happy with the color. They actually enhanced the Skinnyness! Stretchy for knees & calves. They really are perfect! They fit like slouch boots now. I have thicker thighs and calves and usually have to buy wide calf boots.
I was surprised to find that the shoe is not very comfortable for running and doesn ’ t have Much/Any arch support. Decent shoes. Son loves them. It's as light as Asics running shoes while providing good cushions. I usually wear an 11 in boots cause I put inserts inside. Great shoes for the money so far. Not narrow and I have pretty average feet. Great comfortable running shoes. We buy only UA since his first pair 4 years ago. Very roomy in the toes, which I think is good. The tongue at the top of the shoe does not cover the entire top part of my foot! I purchased these and every time I wear them, they cushion my heel so I feel the pain less each day. I liked my 1ST pair, and this is my 2ND pair:). Light and comfortable.
I found this boot runs slightly small. It ’ s 5 degrees f outside with snow and ice. My feet stay warm and dry. Glad I got them a Half-Size larger than I normally do. I only tried them on temporarily before returning them because I Didnt end up needing them. Great boot, but order a full size larger than usual. Fortunately, I have a friend they fit perfectly and who loves them. Well made, sturdy, nice tread that grips well on ice and snow, and warm! Best winter boots I have ever owned! Wore these this winter. I only tried them on and they were a bit tighter than expected, returning for a half size up. Very comfortable and quite warm for winter snow hiking. These keep my feet warm and protected. Perfect in snow!
Id never lift in running shoes again. They run a little narrow to fit like a glove. If you have narrow feet, and find regular shoes a little too roomy, however, these would be perfect for you. The only con is that the inside side of the shoe is grey and extremely hideous. I got a blister on a middle toe. My foot is not wide. Shoes were a bit of an odd size. 5 stars if they can come up with some better colors. They are on the narrow side - even for me and I have Regular/Slightly narrow width feet. The material is very Breathable and really lightweight. Very good for weight lifting. Otherwise, I like the fit a feel. I have high arches and these provide all the support I need for hard Sprints and jumping. These shoes are great fit.
No break in. I selected the full grain leather. Very light and comfortable. Problem for me with them is they made my feet sweat tremendously. On the other side, it does not breath, at all, not even a little. Comfortable right out of the box. Great boots! They are waterproof. Love these boots. This is my second pair of Danner boots this year. Thanks Danner. These are the most comfortable hiking boots I have ever owned. I love Danner boots.
