The boots fit great. These boots fit great! I love these boots. Love these boots! Love my boots! I love these boots! Great boots otherwise. Great pair of boots!!!
fit great. Great shoe. Otherwise shoe was great. I love this shoe. The shoe fit very nice. Great shoes. All around great shoes They fit and look nice and the price is great
I love how comfortable these shoes are. This is my 3rd pair, I love how comfortable they are. These shoes are beyond comfortable!!!!!! These shoes are so comfortable. These are the most comfortable shoes I own. These shoes are so comfortable. These are very, very comfortable shoes. These shoes are so comfortable.
I’ve been using Sperry for years and next to me Sperrys they don’t look as nice and the quality is not the same. Sperry is the best brand of boat shoes and these are one of the best styles because its all finished leather and they will hold up to the elements around your feet much better than the suede or microfiber tops on some of Sperry's models. This is my 3rd pair of Sperry boat shoes over the years and I have always been extremely pleased with them. Have worn Sperry for years but this pair is definitely not the quality I would expect. Of course now I'm out $100 and a pair of shoes. Fits as expected to me- maybe a bit wide but I may have ordered a bit too wide but good color, good fit, its a Sperry. I have worn Sperry Boat Shoes for many years and hey have lasted well until this pair! I have found these Sperry boat shoes to look great and to be extremely comfortable.
I wear size 6 in the US so these fit great. If you wear UGGs, you know they are not true to size and you have to find your perfect size. I love my new slippers they fit great and are very comfortable. Love Ugg slippers especially these version. I'm a women's size 7 and the size 5 fit perfect. I'm usually a size 6/7 in women's but a size 4-5 in UGGs One was a size 7 and the other a 6. SIZE.
If they fit they would be very comfortable shoes. These shoes are very comfortable and look great. great shoes, very comfortable. These shoes are very comfortable! I like these comfortable shoes. Very comfortable shoes. These are above and beyond the most comfortable shoes I own. Very comfortable shoes.
I love these pair of boots. Love these boots!!! I love these boots! Love these boots. I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!!!!!!!! I love these boots. These boots are warm and comfortable.
Fits as I expected, but people new to New Balance should know that the trail shoes run a bit wider than the running shoes - so this pair is slightly large for me. These shoes are VERY comfortable! These shoes are very comfortable. The shoes are very comfortable, just what I have been looking for I've been wearing New Balance Trail Running shoes 610 & 410 size 9M for years and these were a little big for me in 9M. I like these shoes. Great shoes!!! New Balance shoes give me great foot support and are very comfortable.
Still one of the most comfortable shoes ever. Very comfortable shoes. These are the most comfortable shoes. These shoes are great. Very comfortable shoe. This is a great shoe. Great shoe. Love these shoes, the only shoes I like to run in
The most comfortable shoes. They are shoes, so I am going to wear them. In some shoes I wear 7.5. It’s very comfortable to wear. I love this shoe! This shoe was really comfortable. Love these shoes. I love these shoes!
Great, comfortable shoes. ASICS make great running shoes. Found a really good deal on these, and you can't be Asics for running! The shoes fit well and are comfortable. I've been buying Asics running shoes for six or seven years now, so I know how they'll fit. These are my third pair of running shoes and are the most comfortable. Everything about these running Asics sneakers was better than expected including comfort, sizing, quality, cost and delivery! Great shoe.
These shoes fit really well and are very comfortable. These shoes are comfortable and fit well. Shoes fit great. Great looking shoes and the size was right on. Fit accordingly to the size of my other shoes. Great pair of shoes. Great pair of shoes. He said they fit great and are comfortable.
Great hiking boot, one of the best boots out there! THESE BOOTS ARE GREAT. So far these boots are great. Great boots. Great boots. Great boots so far. Great boots! Great boots.
Great, warm and comfortable boots! the shoe itself is great warm but the size is to small. GREAT BOOTS. Great boots overall! I love the quality of Keen in this cute winter boot. Second pair for my son, a size bigger than last winter. I have bought a pair of these Keen Winter Boots for my grandson for the last 3 years. love these boots.
What a great pair of boots! Great pair of boots. These boots wear like a pair of shoes, but with the support of a boot. Great boots, very comfortable. these boots fit good same size I normally wear. Great boots! Great boots! Great boots!
I have a narrow foot (B) so I have bought New Balance running and tennis shoes for many years now. I’ve worn size 8 Tennis shoes for 70 years and buy nothing but New Balance. I had 4 pair of New Balance tennis shoes and the sole has separated from all 4 pair. amazon new balance is my choice for tennis shoes and I always get them as fit is perfect and price is good. My previous pair of tennis shoes (different brand) was giving me blisters and the New Balance fit great. The only tennis shoe I can wear, they are the only shoe that has a wide width. New Balance tennis shoes were always perfect in length and width. I have been wearing New Balance Tennis shoes for years.
They run small, but other than that they are perfect shower shoes great shower shoes - ordered size up. Fits small but it works for what I bought them for (gym shower). Very comfortable for shower shoes; I ordered larger than I normally wear because of the reviews, and was glad I did. Somewhat small for the size but my foot is able to fit in it....works well for gym shower use, dries quickly. I wear them in the gym shower and I also have a pair I wear around the house. They run a tad small, but since I’ll only be wearing them in the shower at the gym, I can make them work. This sandle is perfect for a the pool, shower, beach, or just around the house.
Boots very comfortable and fit well. Comfortable boots. Very comfortable boots. These boots fit great. Other than that, it’s a great pair of Boots! Great pair of boots. Great boots, my 2nd pair. Great boots.
I just love the way they fit. These shoes are very comfortable. I love these shoes. I love these shoes. I LOVE these shoes! Love these shoes !!! I love these shoes. I LOVE these shoes.
Love these shoes, they are so comfortable. Size down but other than that the shoes are really good! These shoes are very comfortable! These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had! They are very comfortable shoes. These shoes are very comfortable! These shoes are so comfortable. Great shoes!
I love these shoes; they are perfect for Crossfit, including WODs with some running. These shoes fit and look great! I love the way they feel and are perfect for CrossFit! Love this shoe. GREAT love these. These shoes are just what I was looking for. But super cute and I love wearing them to Crossfit. I love these shoes.
These shoes are comfortable and they fit good. Great fit and very comfortable. These are very comfortable shoes. Very comfortable shoes. I can tell these shoes are VERY comfortable. The shoes are comfortable. Very comfortable shoes. These shoes are very comfortable.
My feet are always cold in the winter but these boots kept them warm and I was able to play outside with my kids for about 2 hours and stay comfortably warm. Nothing better than a good warm pair of boots. Great boots this is third pair I have bought for Kids Easy on and off for younger kids plenty warm for a day out in snow My son wore them and they kept his feet nice and warm and also dry. Excellent boot that keeps my kids feet warm and dry!!! Great boots! Great boots. Great boots!
good quality shoes, my daughter wears them for school and they are very durable. My 8 year old daughter LOVES these school shoes. A great school shoe and my daughter loves the fit. My 6 year old daughter uses these as her school shoe with her uniform and says they are comfortable. My daughter liked these shoes so much, we ordered the same style in a bigger size the following school year. Had a pair last school year for my daughter. This is the second pair I bought for my daughter since the first pair lasted the entire school year. My daughter wore these shoes to school one day and when she came home, the toe of both shoes were worn.
Great product wider fit than normal converse ,good price fast delivery.these look like canvas but are nice white leather.can recomend. Good quality of leather,converse are classic!!!! I really like these converse leather shoes. I love these leather converse, last so much longer than the material ones and easier to clean It's my third pair but first leather converse. I have bought leather converse before, they're great shoes and I know my bf will love them. They are Converse They are leather They are black...very black. They are just classic converse in full black leather.
Really comfortable shoes. The shoes are so comfortable. The shoes do not have as much support as I like but they are comfortable. And such a comfortable shoe. Great pair of shoes! SHOES. They fit very well, and are very comfortable. This shoe is the most comfortable shoe, right out of the box.
All my shoes are size 8 and I could not wear these. I'm usually a size 9, and the 10 fit great. Also, I am 5'9" and wear a size 10. This is my second pair of these boots - I LOVE them! Could never wear these shoes in enough so that they were comfortable. I love these boots. I love these little boots. I love these boots!
Love my boots. Love these boots. Love my new boots! Love these boots! Love these boots!! I love these boots. Love these boots! Love these boots!
Great pair of boots! Thanks for a great pair of boots. These boots fit great. These are great looking boots! Boots are great! Great boots! Great boots. Great boots!
Love these boots. I love these boots! I love these boots! Love these boots! Love these boots! I LOVE these boots! I love these boots! Love these boots !!!
The boots are quite comfortable for work boots, too! I can’t believe what a great pair of work boots these are. This is a great pair of boots. These are a great pair of boots! other than that a great pair of boots These are great comfortable boots. This is my second pair of these boots. This is my second pair of these boots.
Love great fit and very comfortable shoe. Overall the shoe looks great. Great shoe overall! Great looking shoe. Great shoes, very comfortable. They are very comfortable and fit great. Very nice and comfortable shoe. Great shoes.
I love the fit and comfortable. I love these shoes they are so comfortable. Love the color, style and fit. I love the fit and can keep it on all day! I love how comfortable they are. Just love the shoes. I love these shoes! i LOVE THESE SHOES!
Bought these for my wedding day and they are absolutely perfect and beautiful. Beautiful shoes perfect for a wedding. These shoes are beautiful and I cannot wait to wear them on my wedding day. They are so beautiful, I can't wait for my wedding day to wear them. Absolutely gorgeous, but they were too low of a heel for my wedding dress. I ordered these for something different for my wedding and they are BEAUTIFUL! These were beautiful, my daughter wore for her wedding. Fit a little big, but looked great with my wedding dress!!
These boots are the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn. This is my 2nd pair of Keen boots and third on the way, by far the best work boots ever had, will recommend it? Great boots. Great boots! Great boots so far. Other than this they are great boots. Boots are great. I really like these boots.
These boots fit great and are comfortable to wear. I love these boots, they fit very well. Wow, I love these Hunter Boots, fit was as expected and I am glad I took my time deciding to get the original back adjustable boots I have thick calves and these boots are well worth buying. I love these boots! Love these boots! I love these boots. I love these boots so much! I'm in love with these boots.
I love these hiking/water shoes. I haven't bought a new pair of hiking water shoes in a long time. The shoes fit great. Still love these hiking shoes! Love these hiking shoes! Love these hiking shoes. Love these hiking shoes! By me, not the shoes, but the shoes are great too.
Really comfortable boots. I like these boots, very comfortable. These boots are very comfortable. These boots are comfortable. Very comfortable boots! These are the most comfortable pair of boots I have. But great pair of boots. Great pair of boots.
Very warm and comfortable snow boots, my son really likes them. The boots are nice and warm... but not good for the snow. My son loves these boots, they are warm and I think they look great with anything? My 7 year old son loved his new snow boots! These boots fit my 8yo son well and he said they are warm. Very nice boots, my son loves them and they have fur on the whole inside, very warm. The boots fit perfectly for my 5 year old son and kept his feet dry when we went sledding in the snow. Looks great, fit great and my son can't wait for the snow to try them out.
Great boots. These boots are great. Great boots! LOVE THESE BOOTS!!! i LOVE these boots! I really like these boots. I liked these boots better than most. These are good boots that will last for a while.
Boots fit great and are very comfortable. These are great boots, very comfortable and fit well. Boots are great but they are hiking boots! These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had on my feet. Very comfortable boots. These are very comfortable boots. These are the most comfortable boots ever! These are the most comfortable boots I own.
Where can you buy a comfortable good looking pair of golf shoes for $50? most comfortable shoes, golf shoes or other shoes, I have ever worn. Fit great, very comfortable...all you need in a golf shoe These Skecher Golf shoes were a great find, they are a comfortable shoe that came in a wide with and look great. This is a good golf shoe, very comfortable right out of the box. This golf shoe is very comfortable at a great price. golf, the wide fit was wide in the toe area and fit perfectly....happy feet! Out of all my shoes, this is by far my most comfortable one and it's a golf shoe.
Great boots, my son loves the . I bought this boot for my son and I love the style. Boots fit perfect, my son loves them especially with the rain coming soon. These are great boots, they fit great, look great, he loves them. I purchased these boots for my 20-month year old son. I bought this boot for my son who is 8yrs old. these boots fit my son perfectly! I love these boots!!!
i have been running in Mizunos for years and love the wave rider. Great running shoe. I have been running in Mizuno shoes for years. They are light, fit perfectly, and are so comfortable for running! I don't run, but like running shoes because they are not heavy like walking shoes. These are the most comfortable shoes! Great running shoe and everyday shoe. These are great running shoes.
Now that I have the right size I LOVE these shoes. The only problem is they do run big, I'm usually a size 7 and I ordered a 6.5 since the other reviews said to go half a size down but they still are big on me, I couldn't return them since I'm not from the US but I would recommend to go a full size down, other than that the shoes are really pretty. The shoes are really cute but offer no arch support and run half a size to a full size big. Really cute but way too big in the back where the heel is. I wear 1/2 size down Over all, really cute shoes for a relatively good size. They are very cute and look really nice on but It just seems too big at the heel area. Love the looks of the shoe but I had to send it back three times my regular size was too large the next size they slipped in the back the smaller size too tight this shoe is not for me
Boots fit great and were exactly what I was looking for. These boots are great! The boots are very comfortable. I love these boots! I love these boots! I really love these boots! I love these boots! I love these boots!
These shoes are so comfortable and look great! The shoes fit well. These are some of the most comfortable shoes i have. They fit great and are very comfortable. The shoes are great! Great shoes. They fit great and are very comfortable. I like the look of these shoes.
Great boots! These boots are great. These are great boots. Great boots. Great boots. Great boots. Great looking boot and warm enough for my needs ,but runs small. I wear size 8 in most keen shoes so ordered size 9 and they fit perfect.
Seems like a good shoe, however they are much too narrow for my feet. Probably good for a narrow foot. Great minimalist shoe, I have narrow feet so the fit is good. I buy Asics all the time and these run a little narrow compared to others I've had. I have narrow feet, always an 8 in Asics products. Perfect shoe for someone with narrow feet. I wanted to like these shoes, but they are too small and narrow. Comfortable shoe for working out, but does run on the narrow side.
These are the most comfortable boots I've ever had, look great too! The boots are very comfortable. These are not comfortable boots. This is one of the most comfortable boots that I own. These boots are very comfortable. The boots fit great. Boots are great, my go to hiking boots. GREAT BOOTS otherwise.
