Love these boots! They are comfortable and very stylish. After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. Excellent arch support (and I have extreme arches). After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. After a week of mountaineering in RMNP, I pretty much ripped the skin off my heels and Achilles' tendons. Super fashionable and durable. Cons: takes a bit to break in. I sized a half size down.
This is the first pair of Fila's I have ever owned. The quality is bad, I still have old reebok shoes that more comfortable than any new sneakers Besides that, it's a great and stylish shoe. But they were too narrow. WILL GET BACK IN A WHILE TO UPDATE! I was impressed with the quality of the leather and the support offered. I love my Filas! I love my Filas! I love my Filas!
Skechers Ultra Flex first take is not as good as the Skechers Ultra Flex Harmonious I ordered a size 6 which is my exact size in any shoe and the shoe fit me too tight. Really like the color. Comfortable walking shoe and looks good. Skechers Ultra Flex first take is not as good as the Skechers Ultra Flex Harmonious I wear a lot of teal shirts so these are perfect for me This product was shipped fast. Love the looks of this shoe, wished it would come in wide width. Love the shoe. Loved this but unfortunately it was not wide enough. I'm in heaven!! I would buy these by the trunkful! She loves the comfort of the shoes. Love the color and the price. Little arch support as well. I’m actually shocked at how many great reviews there are for these shoes.. the soles feel like there is more cushion in some parts of the soles but not in the spots that would need them like the arch and joints.
This is the perfect all-purpose shoe that looks great, and can take a beating. Super comfortable; my first pair of boat shoes. Classic Sperry Topsiders - great casual shoe for warm weather. Comfortable and durable. My son has worn these for 23 days at school (winter uniform started in mid Oct) and they have already fallen apart. And during that break in period the left shoe is rubbing my heal causing a blister. They break in very quickly and within a month can be worn without socks.
Perfection!! The 5 fits great and I know they'll last and keep her feet warm. Be aware that it's not a 'real' UGG product so you are paying a lot for a faux sheepskin moccasin. Perfection!!
Comfortable and long lasting! Wear all day and are comfortable. They fit like a glove. They run a little small, but i was able to make them work. just may not be my "long distance" shoe.
The quality is outstanding, inside and out. Very well made boots happy with the quality would buy more of these boots for gifts, great product very affordable I replaced my old Emu's due to the wear and tear that occurred from wearing them for over four years. I have purchased these boats before and for some reason this pair feels very tight. Tight at first but after 2 wks have stretched and are perfect. Consequently, when boots get wet, they dry very dark and dingy.
Just received these New Balance trail shoes this week. I was hoping they'd offer a little more stability with more traction. Love the shoes. Love the shoes. I have narrow feet and these fit perfectly - I usually have a hard time finding a shoe that isn't way wide. We hiked 6-10 miles a day on different terrain and these shoes were very comfortable and provide enough protection on uneven rocks and trails that I never had issues with foot pain.
The only trail walking and running shoe that I use. The shoes hold up ok. The shoes have stood up to walking every day. The shoes hold up ok. I like the color and the fit of the shoe. If you have the shoe to loose the inside of the shoe wears out and gets holes in the fabric. Fit perfectly, and true to fit. Fit as expected. I just purchased this 5.0 version as a replacement.
Weight distribution is equal, and not solely on the toe. The strap across the middle of the shoe holds your foot in. Great for dancing the night away. However, the strap across the instep keeps the shoe securely on my foot. Purchased in lieu of strappy sandals for an evening, semi-formal wedding. 3 star rating is because they are listed as a “leather” shoe, but LEATHER UPPER isn’t marked inside the shoe. Very comfortable, I have this style in several colors. I love the strap across the top of my foot. HOWEVER, after only 2 times wearing them, the cap came off of the bottom of each heel and metal is showing. I have received many compliments; however, they do not provided good arch support.
Very disappointing considering ASICS is known to be a very nice shoe and has always held up well for me. It's hard to find a good pair of running shoes without the gaudy colors these days. My normal "D" foot is right in the middle of the fit range of this shoe. Size is very appropriate, lightweight, breathable, appearance is very beautiful, price moderate. It also has very good ventilation. Good basic runner, like the fit and feel of the shoe. I also like the Asics Gel technology. This shoe size 10m is somewhat too narrow. After a few months of light to moderate wear, part of the sole started to lift off.
Really never had a pair of Puma before so I wanted to try, probably will be my last pair. The cushioned insoles are extremely soft and the shoe is very light. Looks good though. Bit small at first, but they conform quickly
I purchased these hiking boots for an upcoming trip to New Zealand and Australia, where I plan to do quite a bit of hiking. Both times they were immediately comfortable and did not seem to need a long "break in" period. A bit pricey but well worth it. Great lacing system. Short break in period. Great water resistance. This is a great boot. Size is spot on. I really like the lacing system though the laces tended to untie so I knotted them.
If you have ever owned a pair of Keen's you know the quality of their products, outstanding. A must-have for us every winter. The look and colors are great, however the sizing is off. They are a bit heavy but offer great protection in cold climates. They do run small.
Great comfort and support. Entire chunks of the sole started cleaving off after having had the boots for just over a year and having worn them for less than 30 miles. Entire chunks of the sole started cleaving off after having had the boots for just over a year and having worn them for less than 30 miles. Required minimal break-in time. Feet did not hurt or feel sore at all after a long hike. A bit narrower and shorter. They do fit a little small, so go up a half size or so. This boot is Awesome!
This pair is my new tennis shoe. Avoid this shoe--trust me! These so-called size 11D's are half a size smaller (by actual length measurement) than every other NB size 11D in this and its predecessor lines that I've worn for the past ten years. This style of shoe has been getting more narrow in the toe and shorter with each subsequent model change. Good stability and support. If I have even one minor nit, it is that the heals wear down faster than any other part of the shoe. These are the only tennis shoes I have found that are reasonably (not perfect) comfortable and give me enough support.
Just what I needed for the shower at the gym! I bought a pair of these sandals in aqua color last summer and love them. Well made one piece construction and nice looking sandal. I bought a pair of these sandals in aqua color last summer and love them. They are more of size 9 than 10. Very soft and comfortable. Get a lot of compliments. Little but small so buy a size up!
Excellent boots with a solid feel. Solid boots for work. Excellent boots with a solid feel. Lightweight and comfortable. Plus composite toe are way better than steel toe. Great for the price, so far they are durable. The 15 only comes in a wide I need better insoles I had the same problem as some others.
Very comfortable and stylish! I do a lot of walking in my job and these shoes are terrific. They are as comfortable as a slipper but with a sturdy outdoor sole. They loosen up and get easier to put on. Omg this pair perfect on the first try
Good for hiking, not ideal for running. Im using it for running, very light and comfortable. SIZE DOWN! They also hug my foot and stay in place without having to retie. SIZE DOWN! SIZE DOWN! SIZE DOWN!
Excellent shoes for CrossFit. Not so great for distance running but fine for sprints and the like. They are pretty true to size & give you great support. They are incredibly comfortable, light and yet solid. do NOT recommend for long runs though. Be that as it may, the shoes are great.
I have a wide foot which makes for a difficult time ordering basketball shoes. Good looking shoes. These are great shoes. Fits true to size
This review is for size/fit only. Easy to put on. Waterproof, warm, traction and they’ve worked in Alaska and Wyoming. Keeps the feet dry and warm. Keeps them dry and warm. Kid's feet are always warm and dry. It was somewhat difficult to tell just looking at them but come to find out, they were defective.
Sturdy and attractive. These shoes are adorable. They have a thick rubber sole to provide comfort and stability, and a supple leather upper to withstand everyday use and roughness to the shoe. Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks! I bought two pairs, black and brown. Though my daughter loved the look and feel of these shoes, after one day of wearing the black dye started coming off....not just on the shoe, but the black dye transferred to her socks!
The converse I received looked a little different to the picture but they are real leather and they will last a long time. easy to clean with a wipe of a damp cloth. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. it is dark blue. Apart from the first couple of wears, the shoe is comfy and can see it lasting a good while. Oh, and I've had quite a lot of good comments from people which is always nice :-D Apart from the first couple of wears, the shoe is comfy and can see it lasting a good while. One of the leather shoes was scratched and marked on two separate areas. If anything I feel the fit of these is better, as they now have a arch support, which in the past has been my only negative point about them.So converse have improved the support. Good quality of leather,converse are classic!!!!
And such a comfortable shoe. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. The previous Ryka maryjane athletic shoes had an enormous amount of arch support and comfort, but had lacking velcro attachments. Perfect for summer!. Also great for long work hours on your feet. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. Better support and cushioning than I would have expected from this type of casual shoe. Comfortable, supportive, cute sneaker alternative to a regular type sneaker. I have a lot of them! I was able to put them on and wear them with no issues. Good shoe for the price point. Loosening the strap doesn’t help. There is some arch support but not enough for me. The arch support I get with this brand of shoe.
That’s it. They are lightweight and cute as can be with my jeans, they don't look klunky. I love them I wear a half size later in the deserts so I knew to buy a half size larger. No arch support whatsoever.
I have trouble finding boots that fit over my calf’s. I use these on rainy days to walk my dog & haven't had any discomfort. Best to wear with the hunter socks. 9 would have been too big. very large in the calf, and chafes if I am not wearing pants
These are the most comfortable and best quality boots I've worn in my 65 years of wearing boots in the field. Boot is overpriced for NuBuck material. Minimal break in time. A little disappointed with the Nu Buck material. Love the boot !!!! I'm a Danner fan. This is my first purchase of the Danner, and I'm glad I did. No break in time!!!! I like the Danner 453 because it fits my foot well and I use it for work (construction). They are definitely a well made boot. Arch support is excellent. So far, it's a sturdy hiking boot. At a premium price. I like the Danner 453 because it fits my foot well and I use it for work (construction). These boots have been my general wear boot for more than 5 years. As always Danner's are AWESOME!!!!!! Purchased them for my boyfriend and he couldn't be happier. He is very happy with the fit and the wear of the boot so far. The Danner 453's were a fit except for being a bit too loose in the heel area and I didn't care for the heavy, clunky feel of them. The only down side to them is Danner can't re sole them. Love the boot !!!! I don't care for them. However, the shoelaces shredded easily against the hooks. I've only had it on a few hikes, but the fit so far feels right.
These boots are great. They look good with jeans and skirts. Great look for this spring and summer. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Did not see sock through the holes either. have purchased a second pair in a different color. It is a comfortable boot; and it is also good for warm weather because of leather upper features large perforated detail throughout. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . The foot bed is lightly cushioned and feels nice, at least it does walking around the house. Boots fit great, and are very comfortable . I ordered the 8.5 but need this in an 8 so I have to send this one back.
These are the holy grail of steel-toed boots. Solid steel toe. true to size and width - would buy again. They are great work boot but they are stylish enough to wear out and around town The ones with sewn on soles are now $300. I work in the trade and look for comfort, safety and a product that lasts.... These would make wonderful boots to just wear as casual wear because of their look and comfort. No arch support though. Needed a break in period. Depending on the condition of your feet, it may be tight.
The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. I was a little thrown off by the design on the top of the shoe (the tongue is sown in on one side) but they're great. I bought an elastic shoe string called Lock Laces to use with the shoes. The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. Well built, I like the shoe. I will recommend to others. The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. These are quite comfy but the sole is a bit noisy as it is a bit rigid. Overall, I want to say these shoes fit great and are incredibly comfortable. The only complaint I have about these is that the synthetic material absorbs dirt very easily, something I don't really care about, but could be a little bit annoying to some. I have a few pair of the Grid 9000's. 2 miles MWF on asphalt and they hold up as well as they did in the Army! The Saucony Grid 9000 are big bulky shoes. I have a few pair of the Grid 9000's. Came fast with the 2 day shipping, as expected. Great value at the price I paid.
poor for people who on the their feet all day. I wear these as my everyday shoes, easy to slip on and off. The Hot Cherry colour is simply delicious! They look like patent leather. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Love fitflop brand shoes, but these are awful. Pros: runs wide, comfortable, same cozy footbed that my feet adore.
Beautiful shoes perfect for a wedding. I wanted something with a little bling for the special occasion. There's a small elastic band on the inside of the heel, which made them feel secure walking around and on the dance floor. I wanted something with a little bling for the special occasion. These shoes are beautiful.
I have to wear steel toed boots for work and most of them feel like they are made of concrete but these feel great. Work the s*** out of these and they hold up to the construction industry. Fairly light and a roomy toe. Comfortable and last a long time. Highly recommend getting some thick insoles and throwing out the paper thin ones that come in the boots. Definitely will get another pair when these wear out.
And it was a good price She has small legs so you may want to keep that in mind. They are cute boot that go with every bit of clothing, from pants to dresses. Only in the Gloss black. Finally Hunter boots that give me room in the calf! Haven't taken them off since they arrived!! Haven't taken them off since they arrived!!
Very light and comfortable and attractive ! They are now my go to trail shoe. The shoes fit well and we true to size. Very little sediment gets in the shoes and I was walking in muddy sand! Kind of a letdown for my trip to Hawaii.
Comfortable and good looking. Lightweight with good soles & arch support. very warm and comfortable. True to size. The boot is comfortable. Comfortable and easy on the feet
If you are looking for cold weather snow boots this is a great find. Haven’t used them too much in snow yet but we will see. Fits true to the size. Easy for him to put on and take off. built in! These boots look nice & have a warm lining, only thing is they run a bit on the small side, maybe by half a size.
Rain boots that make you want it to rain! Super cute rain boots!! Very comfortable. Super cute rain boots!! These boots keep my feet warm and dry and I can stomp through all manner of horrors along the trail no problem. The crocs material is well known and very sturdy. Love these, but they are a little tight in the calves, however I do have thick calves
Love Merrell Men's Moab 2 Mid Waterproof Hiking boot. I got the Moab waterproof, not the Gore-Tex. Liked fit for my wide foot. All-in-all, a great boot! The Merrell Moab 2 Mid is well worth every penny. Great traction on slippery surfaces. I do a LOT of hiking. No need to break in. They said that they would take care of the situation. WOWED BY THIS BOOT!! Liked fit for my wide foot. Aside from the pet hair inside the shoes they fit a bit tight. Highly recommended if you want a comfortable boot that will hold up to everyday wear and tear Love Merrell Men's Moab 2 Mid Waterproof Hiking boot. Are NOT waterproof as advertised.
These shoes are great. My second pair of skechers golf shoes. True to size. Very noisy on the greens. Also the price was right.
This hiker boot is amazing! Owned other similar Timberland shoes before with a completely different outcome. Warm and dry and comfortable! I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. I brought these for my ten month old in he loved these boots , wouldn't take them off. They are great but they run small I orderd a size up hope the 13 will fit better .
The new version is just a great as the old ones. I have narrow feet with high arches and these are super comfy! They last a long time and are great for arch support. The soul is very supportive and the toebox is great for wider feet. I am very sad that Mizuno has discontinued this version of their running shoe line.
Sneakers run a little big. Perfect style platform sneaker.. l have a little wider right toe.. but with a little stretch all good Heavy and the heel of the foot sometimes lifts up a bit out of the shoe. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Washable canvas in a sleek style. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Love what they look like and the sole is very comfortable. Take a little bit to break in so size up or you’ll get blisters That makes it so uncomfortable when walking. This brand runs large so order a size down.
Thigh high boots that fit perfectly. Worth the money and the price is good! Very comfortable to wear for long period of time. I didn't need these for warmth, just fashion, so no lining works for me. What's not to like! True to size. Great pair of boots!!!!
😔 I expected better from under armour. Love the shoe. The fit is perfect. These shoes run small order at least a 1/2 size bigger. They ran small with the first order, so I order the next 1/2 size up and they fit perfectly.
After reading that these boots run small I ordered one size up and hit the jackpot. Great arch support. But a very comfortable boot that is light and keeps you warm. After reading that these boots run small I ordered one size up and hit the jackpot. Too bad they don't come in half sizes. they run small.
I was looking for a shoe that was close to a zero drop/minimalist shoe to enhance biomechanics in my feet and lower legs and this shoe is giving me everything I'm looking for!!! Great support and traction - I do lots of lunges in the gym. My foot is just too wide and the fit was very snug. Great training shoe, but obviously not for all day wear. The front of the shoes are really narrow. - Performs well for weight lifting and short-mid distance running. I like that she shoes are super light, I hardly notice I'm wearing them. Not a lot of foot support. The shoes are fine. The front of the shoes are really narrow. The only con is that the inside side of the shoe is grey and extremely hideous.
Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. This boot is the great. Pros: Warm Waterproof Strong sole Light Cons: With waterproofing such as goretex it's a little humid in the shoes after a while. When they arrived, the sole's looked clean, but the rest of the boot's look like they have been worn before. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. I've been able to hike in them with zero break in time. Fine for around town, but not the mountains. And did I mention that they are light?!?!?! Great boots for anything outdoors while being very stylish. I love the look and fit of these. There is no reason at all whatsoever to have a full grain leather upper, glued to a rubber sole, made for running shoes. Can't speak to the longevity of the boots, but for now they fit great and are waterproof. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. Am very pleased with the Danner Mountain 600 hiking boots. Great boots, light, amazing grip, and as waterproof as you could hope for in a light hiking boot. Have been wearing them for less than a month now. They are not sturdy, offer little support at all, for serious hiking. The only downside is their lack of breathability.
