I bought these boots for a cross country trip last summer.	However, I ordered a size smaller and just shipped back the other ones.	I can confirm they are true to size, but if you are in between sizes and fluctuate, pick the larger size.	They aren't great for casual wear.	Advice: take some time to truly break-in, wear 2 pair of wool socks (saved me from additional damage), lace for comfort (I'm still learning
The sneakers for the price are great!	And the best thing is that it weighs very light, and that it supports ankles , and that it makes me feel safe to jump.	They are well made.	My only criticism is that if you like a soft insole, these are more typical dress of a shoe, If you intend to spend significant time on your feet.	fit great.	So comfortable, with the high ankle support, that
They are most comfortable and hug the foot .	These shoes are very flattery to my somewhat wide feet.	Will buy other colors.	They seem to have some normal padding of maybe 1/3 inch but nothing I feel like memory foam.	The soft flexible upper is perfect for accommodating my bunion brace.	Loved this but unfortunately it was not wide enough.	I bought it in Navy and I'm going to get another color - I
The left shoe is fine, the right shoe appears to be glued in a slightly different spot making them fit differently and the leather on the inside of the right shoe is very rough while the left is not.	With a family full of Sperry Topsider lovers, it's about all about the deal.	A nice fun plus was the tartan plaid lining -- cool-looking and comfortable.	I thought I needed the wide ones but didn’t
Pretty sure these are fake.	uggs 6 is like a 8 in womans.	Be aware that it's not a 'real' UGG product so you are paying a lot for a faux sheepskin moccasin.	They are super warm and fuzzy.	These are so warm and comfy.	They are so cozy, comfy and fit perfectly.	I am normally a women's size 8 and purchased the 6Y and they fit perfectly!	Soooooo comfy!	She lived in them this
I would normally sacrifice looks for comfort (and sometimes vice versa), but these shoes are meh on both fronts.	I bought this pair for a back up when I wear my first pair out!	I would’ve given the shoe five stars but since the size was not true to fit I had to get a four	These fit nice but for some reason these just have not held up well.	They fit to size perfectly,
These are very comfortable right out the box.	She is not a bias person or an UGGS fanatic but the UGGS are more comfortable.	The price was perfect.	These are great for a day of shopping or for walking around New York in the fall.	This boot is good quality and very warm.	I got the sand color, I think next time I will get a darker color because this color stains easily.	I purchased
The shoe wears well.	Will update my review in a few more weeks.	It's more like a pink.	I would rate them five stars, except they look a little strange when looking down, on the inside of my feet.	It's a bargain for $45 and my $80 black Asics mom's walking shoes will be banished to car trunk for emergency purpose.	these look good in the picture, but upon receiving the materials are cheap and
Only drawback is they're starting to fall apart after a couple weeks!	This is a great shoe.	These are very comfortable aalking shoes.	Absorbs a lot of heel impact especially if you’re flat footed like me.	These are the most comfortable shoes.	Beyond the super cool design, is a comfortable fit, ultra light weight, durable sneaker, perfect for running, working out or out on a casual hangout.	Big guys need wider fits my husband told
The color is nice and goes with so many attires.	There is enough room for the toes even though the front has a point.	High heel, but slightly cushioned instep.	Lovely shoe.	The wide ended up being too loose.	One of the best pair of shoes ever!!!!	The heel wore off after wearing the shoes 4 times.	Easy to put on as it has a little elastic stretch section on the side docent come off
Very durable and fit perfect!	ASICS are pretty consistent on their shoe size.	That said, I have not exerted them in extreme use.	My husband says that these are by far the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned.	Used for walking, not running.	These arrived new in box.	I don't run but for lots of walking and standing, these are great shoes!	No problem with these shoes!	My only complaint is the fact it
Not as bright white as I had expected.	Feels like a pair of work boots.	I got these because my other shoes were on their last legs and was thinking it would be cool to have a pair of trainers.	He loves them!	Puma is still a great brand and product.	Thank you so much.	Just but these shoes they are so beautiful and very good price.	I hadn't worn Puma's in years...	Very happy
My old hiking boots finally bit the dust and good riddance!	Used the boots right from the box for a 3 day backpacking trip over 21 miles.	I ordered 1/2 size up and with good quality hiking socks they fit perfect.	They are amazingly light but supportive at the same time; it is like walking on air.	Even bought another pair for the misses.	The materials and construction were on point, but the sizing seems
This is the third pair that we have purchased for our son who is now nearly 5 years old.	We purchased these for my toddler granddaughter who has very wide feet and a high arch.	They seem a little heavy but she never complained.	These are slightly wide shoes, which has been great for his feet.	Heavier then his sneakers, but he can run and play comfortably.	He loves them and can put them on
asked for a replacement pair... the one the second pair the right boot leaked.	Well made and attractive.	Somewhat narrow, particularly in toe box.	(Probably not till August.)	I know I will buy again.	Completely waterproof after a years use.	These boots gripped the ground like a Sherman Tank.	I can go in deep water all the way to the top of the boot and not get wet as long as water doesn't enter from
Their guidelines for sizing length and width are quite good.	Great shoe for support especially in the heel and arch.	We'll see how the soles hold up as that was the only negative on some of the previous reviews.	I like the brand for the consistency of size and product.	On my 4th pair.	It too bad I can’t retuen the item because by the time he was able to try it out the return
They would be perfect if they fit.	Got these and they were too small and nowhere near wide enough.	I was so happy with them I ordered 3 more pairs.	They don’t feel super comfortable and the flip flop does make a bit of noise when I walk in them.	They are very light.	Very soft on the feet, supportive and very comfortable.	It appears these slides might run a little small in length; width
Looks to be soldid construction with slip resistant sole.	At the least another pair of boots and a gift certificate for a couple shirts or something.	If you like a little fore and aft room, they may be a little small.	Would give it five stars but it's too soon to say.	If you put the brand and size of another shoe you wear they will give you the size to buy these boots in.
a great shoe for winter wear.	I always order the same size and have never been disappointed by the fit.	It is a fine looking shoe.	These exceed my expectations.	But for kicking around, normal walking, etc, they're great.	Great fit, comfy and warm.	I have a wide foot and I never have problems with these shoes.	Perfect "mudders" or snow boots; but don't make her feet to warm to wear inside.	Around your angle
Now I have to return and wait for my normal size to come.	Had these sneakers only for a few months and they ripped!	However, there was a nail from the bottom that began to pierce through the inner lining of the shoe.	The only thing that she did not care for is the back somewhat lost it's ability to stand up when she puts them on and sometimes they "fold".	The colors are so
The fit is perfect and did not need to adjust my size.	I bought these shoes for Combat training and plyometrics.	They look great and feel great, too	They are perfect!	The price couldn't be beat!	That said, these shoes made a noticeable difference when I lift (I'm a newbie to cross fit).	These are by far my favorite athletic shoes ever!!!	Hopefully they'll fit.	Besides the bit-too-small size, this is a pretty solid shoe.
I've been happy with previous Adidas basketball shoes, but I can't buy them again after this experience.	But he does not play basketball in these shoes, sooo they lasted about a year before anything started peeling.	All-around solid pair of sneakers.	He loves them!	Overall we are happy with these shoes and ordered a seconds pair.	He has a really bad ankle that needs the support of high tops.	Price is great	Also ata reasonable
Great kid boots for a MN winter.	Kamik always a good buy!	They kept their socks drys.	This is our second pair as the kids of grown.	They last!	Solid sturdy kids boots for very reasonable price.	Good snow boots are very important.	We’ve been having a difficult time finding boots for my 10-year-old son.	Like all Kamik boots we have had, these are high quality and durable.	if you could fit your foot inside
They are perfect for our school uniforms, fit true to size and are comfortable for running around every day on the playground.	The 1.5W in this shoe is actually quite a bit narrower than the regular 1.5 See Kai Run shoe and much stiffer.	Bought this for my daughter, she loved it.	A pair of New Balance Extra Wides is comfortable, but this Stride Rite Extra Wide squeezes my feet like a vise.	Purchased these
These converse are for my 15 year old daughter as a gift.	Look amazing!	Also I didn't get invoice.	I’m normally a size 12, sometimes an 11.5.	Comfy, gorgeous colour, 2 colours of laces (rose gold and white).	She loves them.	It's my third pair but first leather converse.	Look great with jeans, leggings or little dresses.	I did not look at the small print as returns are not free and I had to pay
I originally ordered a size 10 but sent it back for a 9.5, my usual size.	This is not a running shoe, so it need not be so flat.	I-have several pair of sandals and boots.	Good width in the toes box, and you can adjust the straps quite a bit.	I am looking for a walking shoe but these are not sufficient.	They are still a bit loose.	Strap is not only too short
I was looking for something I could wear with skinny or straight leg jeans for a comfy casual look.	I decided to split the difference and ordered what should have been my normal size since I could return if wrong.	Once I added the orthotic and a thick sock, they fit just right.	I was so excited to order these boots, so when they arrived in my normal size and were HUGE I was bummed.
If you have a skinny foot/leg I’d recommend going a size down, and if you’re a half size, go down rather than up as these do run large!	She did not like the top of the boot since it is wider and does not fit her leg, but it is something that she can live with.	The boots are perfection!!!	Top of boots are sharp and hard.	I’ve wanted a pair of Hunters for years,
This is my third pair of 453 GTX.	The extra wide fit was absolutely needed for my wide feet.	Sole cracked on my other one sooner then expected.	Quality leather & front toe guard is very useful.	Actually comfortable right out of the box.	Took a week to break in but they are very comfortable.	My feet were dry and didn't hurt at all for them coming out of the box.	I knew these would
But these fit perfect and are so comfy.	Perfect color with jeans!	I have these in taupe and was waiting for the gray in my size.	The 8 fits great with a sock.	Due to the little holes you can even wear them in the summer time 😬 The style is classic.	These boots are just as expected, but I do think I'll love them more after I break them in.	These are the 5th
The insole it came with is junk, so buy a better one.	Leaving me unable to wear these boots 5 times a week as the pain becomes too much.	They're comfortable, they break in quickly, and they keep your feet safe.	It’s more than what I expected.	This pair is hard to wear even for a day without the squished structure of the boots digging into my foot and ankle.	Put the two of them
I do not want to return.	the colors look better in person and that's saying a lot.	They look really rice and offer really unique colorways.	Bulkier but not a bad shoe.	Maybe go half a size up if you choose to get these shoes.	Well built, I like the shoe.	Fit was perfect, color was perfect, everything was perfect.	The combination of shoe and laces are all day comfortable.	I'm wearing these as a
I seem to only wear FitFlop shoes any more.	These clogs has both!	Because of the thick and soft soles, I can stand all day without feeling tired.	Some of my friends got them in a few colors!	Returning for a replacement...	Lots of compliments.	These are GREAT shoes, but I have an extremely high arch & have a difficult time wearing clogs.	Fits perfectly and has the fit flip shoe bed.	Also, great delivery!
I would however recomend looking at the sizing chart.	They are beautiful!	Also it seems to be cheaply made.	But the sizing is completely off.	The heel was also the exact height I needed - not too tall to be uncomfortable or taller than my groom, but more sophisticated than a kitten heel.	Plus they came with free gel inserts, heel grips, and replacement heel tips.	The heel is not too high, but gives your
I need to wear custom orthodics and these boots fit them perfect.	My normal shoe size is 8.5 and I wear 8 D in this boot.	He loves them.	They are a little tight around the top of my foot but I expect they will loosen up over time as they get broken in.	When compared to the Justin water proof boots i now own you can see all the stitching where water can get
I wear an 81/2.	They don’t hurt My feet and really work	Matte navy blue.	Very comfortable.	The only problem I have with my rain boots is that they never fit correctly around my calves.	They keep my feet dry, which is worth the cost and they came more quickly than expected.	Returning and trying a different style.	They were the side strap style.	I didn't receive the boots as advertised, but I contacted the
Best water shoes I've ever had!	My second pair of this exact shoe!!	The mesh in upper toe allows sand to get inside your shoes however.	Love these shoes they fit great and don't give me blisters!!!!	Held up through a Spartan Race, which, in my opinion is the ultimate test for any shoe.	I already knew I loved Merrell shoes.	I have used them for walking, hiking and trail running, and they were up
Busted after a few months of use.	He loves them.	I use these boots everyday, I depend on them to get me through 10.5 hour work days.	If the toe lacing came loose after 7hrs from new, I'm not holding out too much hope on the remaining lacing that is functional...	He wore them on a 40 mile section hike of the AT with no problems, and no blisters.	Fit well.	They look nice on
Size wise it was true to size and I ordered size 3, but the fit on the feet itself was very weird being too wide at the top.	Ordered it for my son in size 13 (he is 5 years old with bug feet).	They seem a little narrow so if your child have wide feet, may not work or passably order a size up?	He loves wearing them.	My 9 yr old was irritated
They were very cute.	However, once on and you try to walk the rubber is so thick that it doesn't really bend.	Fit perfectly, completely waterproof.	They are lightweight and comfortable.	The awkwardness of walking in them goes away after you become accustomed to the boots.	Webpage advice was since these don't run in 1/2 size, then go down a size.	Would definitely buy another pair	Virtual Exchanges is a complete rip-off.	They are very
The soles take a bit of breaking in but that only took a week of walking around to do that.	Keep in mind the shoes were still brand new about a few days new😑 save your money.	NOT WATERPROOF, what a ridiculous claim, but they are DUST PROOF, which is actually more important.	But honestly, they were great.	Lace loop broke.	I plan to spray water repellant on it.	These boots are for my son
Comfort from day1.	He loves them.	These fit perfectly as if I bought them at a store.	I was definitely rewarded for giving Skechers a second chance.	I ordered a half size larger than my sneakers so I can wear good socks and they fit well.	I was hoping the noise would go away after a few rounds, but after 10 rounds they are as noisy as ever.	They are a bit on the heavy
The red and black color really popped.	Warm and dry and comfortable!	These are great boots, they fit great, look great, he loves them.	My daughter put these on and was ready to hike.	Toes are wearing kind of fast but that could just be my kid.	I purchased these boots for my 9 year old son to hike in this summer.	Loved these boots for a great trip to the mountains!	I will never.
Other than that, they have exceeded expectations!	Fit perfectly.	But for a 100.00 this is a quality shoe that will do the trick if you require cushion for high arches and plantar fasciitis.	I previously had the 19 model.	They were just ok. I’ve ran in the same style but was the men’s and for some reason the women’s aren’t near as cushy.	I have flat feet and supinate, but I like to run.	I
I love these 90s style platforms- they make an ordinary white shoe way more fun!	Been eyeing these for a while and finally bought them.	But until my wife can actually use a pair that fits they sit in their box in a closet as a bad purchase and therefore an unsatisfactory product.	The shoes does not bend with your foot very well due to the thick platform sole.	But very cute!	These are great
But it was good style and comfortable.	I already have some thigh high boots but wanted a flat boot because I knew I’d want total comfort along with looking cute some days .	Fit was good.	If you have thick legs or want a “slouch” look.	(not scrawny).	Also it feel as though the soles are cushioned which was a surprising plus.	They actually fit my legs perfectly.	Stretchy for knees & calves.	It fits
Not narrow and I have pretty average feet.	They were wayyyy to small.	Make sure you order a half size above your normal size.	Comfortable insole.	I’ve got wide feet.	These are nice, resonably priced summer shoes.	Lightweight and comfortable.	He's on his 4th pair of these, and he walks miles every day, and they lasted a long time.	Light and comfortable.	However for a cheap everyday shoe this is perfect.	They were delivered a
Bought half size up, because customers reported they run small.	They're the warmest boots I've ever owned.	I found this to be true.	Excellent quality, comfortable, insulation caused them to be tighter than normal Keen sizing I wear at the ball of the foot.	Awesome boots, well made, great wear and comfort, keep your feet warm	These things are amazingly warm and comfortable.	I find Keen boots to be durable, comfortable and worth the money.
He ordered his true size and is happy with them	I have bought many Asics shoes.	The length was fine, actually probably a little roomy, but the toe box was so tight I couldn't imagine working out and not having bad blisters on my toes.	This isnt pictured so it was dissapointing to receive them and see this ugly grey... whoever approved this design needs to approve their resignation.	I got a blister on a
They're high top sneakers that look like hiking boots.	Excited to see what they can do.	After about 4 months of use I really like these boots.	Then did a 10 mile hike and got caught in rain.	These were comfortable out of the box.	I found that exact boot in this model.	I walked in these about 10 miles before hiking to break them in a little bit.	The leather is just a thin
