They seem like great sturdy boots but even with my wide feet, I felt like my normal size was too big. I decided to return them and not try a half size down because I am pretty sure they'd then be too tight on my toes.
I like this shoes , since I was kid. I used them and now I buy it again , love it. Thanks
Absolutely the most comfortable shoe I have ever bought. Also, looks very nice with anything. I love these!
So far so good been wearing them for a week comfortable no complaints Price very good
They are not authentic. No ugg label just in a ugg box. Will be returning and getting a refund Fake knock off fake....
I have never met a Clark shoe I haven't liked! And they all fit true to size!
I was looking online for prices on uggs & emus when I saw the special one day price of 49.99 for the emu high stinger. I couldn't hardly believe the price & bought them. They came today, they're great, in the emu box - insoles come out, the real thing. I love them! What a great purchase & a great price - plus the free shipping.
Great feeling shoe. Could wear them all day right out of the box!
A very attractive shoe that fits extremely well and is very comfortable.
Omg my new favorite heels. These are beautiful & so comfortable!!! Now I want more colors!
These Asics were delivered on time and fit very comfortably. Great shoe.
The shoes are simply amazing. Sometimes you do not even feel you wear them. They are that comfortable. Amazing product for running or simply walking or even going to the gym. Well designed and they look even more amazing in person.
I decided to try this brand since I've never heard of them but read a great review by professional hiker. They fit as expected, I'm a 12 and they have room for thicker socks, like in cold weather. Still breaking them in, I have a long hike planned in June so we will see how they do on hike. I'll update my review after.
love these boots. easy to put on and off, keeps dry, warm, and comfortable. cute and very durable.
Really nice boots, but I'm concerned about the toe box. I ordered the wides and my toes are a little squished. I hope this doesn't end up in blisters on my next big hike. They look great though, I hope they're durable in the long run.
The only tennis shoe I can wear, they are the only shoe that has a wide width.
Fit perfectly, and very comfortable. No hard edges or pinching when you walk. Would buy again.
They seem to be good quality and waterproof. Time will tell if they are really water durable.
Fits perfect - ordered 1/2 size larger to accommodate boot socks. Keeps feet warm and dry!
I bought these shoes to use for cross-training workouts and walking. So far, I love them! The fabric portion of the shoe makes for comfortable flexibility. While the stripes' harder plastic material provides nice support. I would definitely buy these shoes again.
My Reebok Nano's fit as expected and I really like them. They feel solid especially when lifting or box jumping. They are a little wider in the toe box then my Innovates. I am also going to look into the Reebok trainer shoes, I hear the toe box is even wider. Great shoe, fun colors -
These are cut small I had to return and reorder these in a larger size and I loved them so much. Super comfortable, great for my MS pain.
Excellent boot that keeps my kids feet warm and dry!!! The only brand of boots we’ve ever purchased for our kids. They last multiple seasons and can be passed down to younger children.
I purchased these shoes particularly because I thought they'd be sturdy enough for my 8 yr old who wears shoes out easily!! !Shoes looked perfect in the beginning but just a few months later, they have lost color and shape. Don't know if it's the shoe or my child's hard foot!! Need to find another pair.
Bought for my mrs to replace an older pair she has worn out to the point of being unconfortable. Leather stays cleaner longer than canvas and dry too. Very nice
Most comfortable work shoes, on my feet up to 7 hours a day.
These shoes are so comfortable! I sprayed them with a silicone suede protector spray, and they've weathered (heh) the rainiest of Manhattan days without issue, though on certain sidewalk surfaces, they can be quite slippery when wet. Sizing: I took a 10, which is my normal size, and when they first got here, it was a little tight in height around my arches, but they've since loosened, and I'm regretting not sizing down to a 9.5 (or even a 9!) because there's at least an inch of extra length in the combined toe and heel areas.
Comfortable and oh so cute! My husband and (youngest) son call them Barbie Boots but they make me smile.
These boots are worth every penny...except they tend to run somewhat small & narrow,might I suggest you go one size larger than you'd normally wear.Even though there made in China... it's still one heck of a boot.The quality is spot on.
Love these boots! Just wore them for the first time today. Their are attractive, stylish and very comfortable. They look better in person. I did order a half size larger. I wear size 9 shoes so i ordered size 9.5 U.S. Hopefully they hold up over time.
My son found these boots very comfortable! He needs support. The metal toe was a plus for him. He has worn size 11 for years. This pair was snug. Hoping they will stretch.
I wear orthodics, so my arch support will be good, regardless of the shoes I wear. Overall, it fits as expected.
I love FitFlops and this is another type of shoe from them. I've got sandals, boots, flats and now a clog. They are really comfortable. You can walk all day in them and you still have a spring in your step.
This is a great product. I will buy again. The height is great, very comfortable.
Bought these for my husband whom is in commercial roofing. We are constantly going through boots, but these have been his favorite and will be our future replacement purchase when these are put out to pasture.
To add to my earlier review....I was able to fix the gusset and the boots are awesome. Love them. I have 16.5 calf...these slid right on.
I bought for walking around near water, rocks. Toes roomier than previous pair. There is some strange piece of plastic/glue that I need to get rid of on one foot. I'm wearing socks until I figure it out.
I am usually size 9 US, but in this case it feels like 9.5 US, so i had vcd to return for exchange but not decided as of yet. Solid durable shoes.
Really cute, nice fit, but zero ability to feet from getting soaked. An hour of walking around in the snow and you could ring my daughter's socks out. Completely worthless for the snow.
I love these rain boots, a little stiff at first but they need to be worn in, really comfortable & warm, received alot of compliments on the different color :)
Full disclosure: I have yet to actually "hike" in these shoes, but I have worn them around at work and just going about. They are extremely comfortable; more so than any other shoe I've ever worn.
Looking forward to my first round with them. They seem to be constructed very well.
these boots fit my son perfectly! and they was shipped out and delivered to me fast! they are made very well and will last my son for a long time!
Have worn Wave Riders for probably 12 years. This model 22 is not good. The white Mizuno roadrunner logo on outer shoe is way too stiff. I think what has happened is the logo is slightly more toward the toe box and therefore hits my foot at the outer little toe. Will have to return them. Way too much blister potential. Plus it actually hurts! Not comfortable at all. Sadness.
Size down one or two sizes then break them in and you’ll love them!
These are very cute boots can't wait to wear. My legs are very muscular and these were able to fit fine.
my son is on his feet all day, and it gets hot. The sole is great and the mesh type upper is great, he loves these shoes
You have to go up a 1/2 size. I wear a 9.5 and ordered a 10. Fit perfect!
Great minimalist shoe, I have narrow feet so the fit is good. I ordered a 1/2 size larger based on previous reviews. This shoe has very little arch support however it works very well in the gym, and on the soccer field. Decent build quality, I've been wearing them for about 3 months and am very happy with the purchase.
Very nice pick and value for money, it’s really a good deal
