Once they're broken in, buyers love these boots for their comfort, look, and durability. Very stylish look. Full-grain, Sienna Cache leather with rubber sole. Comfortable, with good arch support. Stitchdown construction offers increased stability. Great craftsmanship. Sturdy and durable. These are a little stiff at first and take a bit to break in. This boot tends to run a half-size large
With styling based on one of Fila's top shoes but with a high top design. And with more comfort and durability. Comfortable, subdued and stylish. Many use them as training shoes, but they're tough enough that some use them as motorcycle boots. Comes in a variety of colors. Leather and synthetic uppers, rubber sole. Cushioning EVA midsole, rubber outsole. More expensive than other styles. May run small, so consider this when sizing
In general, consumers welcomed the versatility of the Skechers Ultra Flex - First Take, along with the comfort it delivers. Other points valued by the buyers include the slip-on style, the lightweight nature of the shoe, and the shock attenuation of the midsole. Though many liked the breathable mesh upper, there were complaints that it irritated some users. But overall, the trainer was highly applauded for its comfort as a reliable walking shoe. A vast majority of the owners found the Skechers Ultra Flex - First Take to be very comfortable during extended periods of wear. The overall style and slip-on construction of the footwear delighted a lot of users. Many wearers claimed that the product was made of durable and quality materials. The lightweight nature of this model pleased numerous buyers. Multiple users marveled at the shoe’s versatility. it was great for both athleisure and casual wear. The footgear is flexible, as stated by several wearers. More than a few gym-goers appreciated the shock absorption offered by the sole unit as it helped alleviate foot pain. The breathability of the mesh upper satisfied some purchasers. A handful of shoppers complained that the mesh material irritated their instep and the Achilles, causing blisters in some instances. The arch support on this footwear was deemed inadequate by a few people. Some individuals were dismayed that the sole unit quickly wore out
If you are looking for classic topsiders, this is the pair to get – they are easy to slip on, comfortable to wear, and come in several color combinations that look great with almost any warm-weather or nautical style. One of the more classic pair of boat shoes by the brand. Complements most warm-weather attire from casual to dressy. Leather construction earns praise for all-day comfort and longevity. Runs large. May rub and cause a few blisters during the short break-in period. Blisters and rubbing occurs more if worn without socks like most men prefer
Comfort, style and quality construction make Dakota the runaway favorite for indoor and occasional outdoor wear. Cozy wool lining keeps feet warm without overheating. Sheepskin moccasin with wool lining, molded rubber outsole. Dye from dark jeans can rub off and discolor slippers
A tight-fitting but otherwise comfortable, long-lasting loafer stylish enough for business casual wear. Well-built with plenty of support for wearing all day. Fit most wearers like a glove with soft leather upper accentuating that feel. Sizes may run a little small, and shoe can feel tight even in the correct size. Support and cushioning may not be enough for some wearers
Choose these boots if you want the warmest offered by the brand, as they are built inside and out to protect from the cold. Warm, well-made boots with sheepskin construction, wool lining, and mid-calf length. Some owners say they can wear them without socks due to extreme warmth and comfort. Choosing the right size may be challenging for some. these boots tend to be snug at first but loosen over time with wear. Dye has been known to fade after getting wet
A neutral trail shoe with protective midsole cushioning. A little more built-up than the Minimus, these deliver a well-cushioned ride. Equipped with grippy outsole, the shoe can handle the roads and trails equally well. We love the airy mesh upper and wide design. Not suitable for narrow feet. Some runners had issues with durability
The Reebok Zigwild TR 5.0 was a fantastic running shoe that delivered comfort and style all-around, which was agreed upon by many users. Some customers experienced fit issues, but the overall rating for the shoe was favorable, and many runners have found themselves using the Zigwild TR 5.0 repeatedly. One wearer likened wearing the Zigwild TR 5.0 to “walking on clouds.”. The shoe was a terrific value for money, several customers agreed. A number of users were happy with the stylish look of the shoe. The shoe could be worn all day without causing discomfort in the foot, according to a satisfied user. Many runners found the Zigwild TR 5.0 to be true-to-size. There was not as much traction from the outsole as expected, according to a user. Some buyers commented that the Zigwild TR 5.0 needed breaking in
A fresh twist on the classic pump. The eye-turning asymmetrical strap actually helps keep your foot in the shoe. Great for special events or a work day where you spend at least some time sitting. Strap across the instep helps to keep the shoe on the foot. Distinctive look. Leather upper. Comes in several colors. Slip-on, pointed-toe silhouette with asymmetrical strap across vamp. Lightly padded footbed, three-inch wrapped heel, and synthetic sole. Poor arch support
The Gel Excite 3 remains to be a serviceable option for low-mileage runs as it has excellent cushioning, great flexibility, and moderate arch support. Runners who are looking for a budget-friendly trainer that works reliably well should give this neutral running shoe a good look. The comfort continues in the 3rd iteration of the Asics Excite because of the plush padding and soft inner lining. It is very affordable. The overlays do a very good job of keeping the foot secure through every stride. Several runners liked the vertical and horizontal flex grooves for superb flexibility despite the substantial cushioning. The wide and open mesh of the Asics Gel Excite creates maximum breathability. There were many who wanted better durability in this shoe. A few runners developed hot spots because of the stitching
Whether working out or hanging out, you won't find a pair of PUMAs that offers better wear – the excellent workmanship is built for longevity, comfort, and style. The perfect design for athletic wear and running, thanks in part to the cushioned insole and shock-absorbing heel. They also look good for every day wear. They fit tightly at first, but most wearers find they fit comfortably after the initial break-in period
Great choice for challenging and shifting terrain. Many hikers praise the immediate comfort. Expensive but well-engineered. Unique three-level lacing system. Relatively short break-in period. Lightweight and exceptionally water-resistant. Sole and seam separation is a common complaint. Finding an ideal size is challenging. Laces tend to loosen over time
If you are looking for a pair of KEENs for your child that's crafted to stand up to wet, wintry conditions, these boots are likely to impress you. A must-have for kids who like to spend a lot of time outside in the winter, as they are constructed of waterproof leather and have grippy rubber soles. Available in sizes and colors for boys and girls from toddlers to big kids. The downside of the sturdy construction of these boots is that they are a bit heavy, which is especially noticeable when it comes to little kids. Sizes run small
A popular choice that gets high marks for price, comfort, and grip. Comfortable. Lightweight option. Requires minimal break-in. Offers a long-lasting sole that grips well. They run a bit narrow and the toe box is a little cramped. We recommend buying up a half-size. Some buyers have noted that this boot wears out more quickly than others
If you prefer a tennis shoe with somewhat rigid support and leather construction, this pair is worth considering, though you may want to consider others on our list if you need shock-absorbing cushioning. Tennis enthusiasts who prefer leather uppers love this shoe's structured grain leather build. Interior has lining that wicks moisture. Supportive toe and sole. Offers high levels of stability and support on the courts. The downside of the excellent support is that the fit feels somewhat stiff. Cushioning could be better
These shower shoes offer just what you need for the gym or pool – lots of traction and no crevices for mold to hide. Synthetic upper with synthetic sole. Form-injected as one piece with no crevices for mildew. Fast-drying, non-porous, mildew-resistant material. Choice of sizes and colors. Soft and cushioned. Lots of traction. May run small, so consider sizing up
Very durable, versatile, and comfortable boot with a lower rise. A long-lasting boot for everyday wear or light work jobs. Flexible boot with a composite toe. Tough and comfortable. Lighter than steel toe boots, but still offer some protection and get high marks for durability. Great for electricians. Also comes in a wheat color. Not as warm as some other options
Though the fit and style aren't for everyone, those who like them are likely to enjoy comfort and longevity from these practical shoes. With rugged, waterproof leather and thick rubber soles, these shoes are ideal for walking in inclement weather and on various outdoor surfaces. A few owners have commented that they are as comfortable as slippers. Depending on foot shape, they may be hard to put on or will possibly slip off quite easily. Design is on the bulky side and runs wide on most
A budget-minded shoe good for fitness classes and casual running. Light and breathable. Comes in Chalk Coral, Core Black, Grey Two and White. Textile upper, structurally supportive mid-foot and heel cage. Molded foam insole. Rubber outsole designed for gripping and traction. May run narrow, so keep this in mind when sizing
Premier women's exercise shoe for high performance, with a price tag to match. Ideal for short distance running. True to size. Comfortable thanks to a breathable air mesh. Might cause problems for long distance running. The shoes are expensive, so it requires extra thought before making a purchase
You'd have a hard time finding a more comfortable, better looking shoe for a lower price, which makes the Coudfoam Ilations an awesome deal. The foam insoles and midsoles of these good-looking shoes are off the charts in terms of comfort, plus the mid-ankle cut gives them classic, stylish looks on and off the court. Rare reports of sizes being somewhat narrow. but most owners rave about them fitting true to size
A tough boot made for extreme temperatures. Easy to use Velcro strap. Excellent insulation works in below zero temperatures. Velcro strap keeps the foot in place. Feet stay dry and warm. They run small, so measure your child's feet carefully. It may be difficult to find the size you need
Classic, sturdy, and versatile. These shoes are meant for daily wear, and they can take it. Leather upper. Hook-and-loop closure. Textile lining, cushioned footbed. Flexible outsole. Comes in brown, black and navy. Color may transfer, wears unevenly
As compared to the textile version, the Converse CTAS Leather Ox this leather variety offers its users the convenience of keeping it unsoiled. Its leather top is appropriate for many purposes, winning the hearts of buyers who consider utilizing this for every day.Converse maintained the classic appeal modernized with a cushioned footbed to enhance the overall comfort. This leather iteration gets the nod of the majority of consumers. Many reviewers appreciate the clean yet eye-appealing design of the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Leather Ox. It is among the Converse sneakers that are considered functional for different purposes by several wearers. A few customers have noted that that shoe is sturdy enough to sustain a leisurely game of indoor soccer. A lot of buyers who have to deal with its stiff heel upon their purchase of this shoe has noted that it gets comfortable over time. The CT AS Leather Ox is the next best thing to a smart shoe, according to a couple of users. Most of the reviewers who have found pleasure in this shoe recommended this to other potential consumers. Some flat footed wearers have specified that this sneaker has no arch support. A few find the quality of its leather isn’t superb
The Ryka Kilee was described as a comfortable, supportive, lightweight, and breathable shoe. Its Mary Jane-ish style also won the adoration of many female wearers. Even though there were several complaints about the arch support and the strap, they couldn’t outweigh the amount of positive feedback. A considerable number of buyers recommended the Ryka Kailee as great walking footwear for summer. A vast majority of buyers marveled at how comfortable the Ryka Kailee was for long periods of walking, commuting, and running errands. Many wearers lauded the shoe’s underfoot support and cushioning. The footwear was deemed lightweight by most users. It offered a breathable in-shoe experience, according to a good number of reviewers. The style of the product endeared a lot of purchasers. Several users emphasized the shoe’s roomy toe box as it was able to accommodate bunions. The price was generally considered reasonable. Some people wished that the Velcro layer on the strap was longer. it was not enough to tighten up the fit. Several customers griped about the arch support: they found it to be too high and misplaced
Classic fashion original that's durable and stylish. Retro boyfriend look that can be dressed up or down. Foam footbed absorbs shock while adding cushioning. No arch support, and can be tight for those with wide feet
Even though sizing may be an issue, once you find a pair that fits, these are versatile, attractive rain boots that are practical and comfortable. Sports a mid-calf height and an attractive gloss finish that make them both useful and stylish on rainy days. Ideal for wearing with socks for added warmth. Size inconsistencies have been reported. May run large in the foot, or fit either too tight or too loose in the calf depending on leg shape
Danner’s mission to provide a waterproof backpacking footwear with huge amounts of comfort and support is accomplished in the 453. This worthy purchase of a boot is remarkably stable, durable, and lightweight. It is also a grippy platform that requires minimal break-in time. However, many wearers were disappointed with the Danner 453’s frail outsole, bleeding ankle liner, and too-narrow fit. Its fragile shoelaces and abrasive lace hooks further compounded the negativity which surrounded the boot. Scores of satisfied customers became instant Danner fans after experiencing this footwear’s amazing traction firsthand. The Danner 453 deeply impressed a huge portion of the reviewing population with its feather-like lightness. This mid-cut backpacking boot requires minimal-to-no break-in time, and many wearers couldn’t agree more. Many experts and users were smitten by the Danner 453 with its enormous level of comfort. An expert among them even likened it to a well-worn tennis shoe. Based on a number of favorable reviews, this boot’s arch support is genuinely top notch. A moderate percentage of reviewers were at a loss for words because it's a hiking boot with excellent waterproofing. This premium-priced hiking footwear is considered a smart purchase by many. Some experts praised the Danner 453 for its commendable durability. Its toughness lasted an expert’s pair through punishing outdoor ventures for more than two years. Danner’s 453 provides great stability on challenging treks, according to a handful of owners. One of them reported that even pointy rocks couldn’t destabilize him. A considerable number of owners couldn’t help but feel disgusted with the boot’s outsole for wearing thin too quickly. Many passionate hikers were flabbergasted by the Danner 453’s thin laces. These laces, according to them, were too scrawny to give them a secure ankle fit. Some wearers found the boot too narrow. Even the 2E - wide still felt too cramped and restrictive for them. A handful of reviewers detested the hook eyelets for bruising their laces and rendering them unusable. The ankle cuff’s inner liner bleeds and stains socks, based on a few critical reviews
Who says boots are just for winter? Basel 3 is a great pairing with your skinny jeans and skirts when it's time to put the warm, fuzzy boots away. A great look for spring and summer. Better for posture than higher-heeled alternatives. Socks are not visible through the perforations. Comes in a variety of colors. Leather upper with large perforated detail throughout. Dual side zippers. Almond toe. Synthetic lining. Lightly cushioned footbed. Stacked heel and synthetic sole. May run small, so keep this in mind when sizing
Many workplaces require steel-toed boots these days, and this rugged model provides solid protection without sacrificing comfort or style. Rugged construction with steel toe makes these ideal for factory floors and construction sites. True to size and width. Stylish enough to wear as a casual boot at home. Goodyear welt construction on sole. Padded tongue for comfort. Heavyweight, not ideal for hiking or casual wear. Poor arch support. Long break-in period. Supportive orthotic inserts may be needed
The comfortable Saucony Grid 9000 Knit is a well-constructed update to 1990s performance running shoe. It has a modern knit upper with speckled patterns on the top and parts of the midsole while suede overlays complete this revamped look. The Grid midsole remains reliable with shock absorption and cushioning features with the shoe offered at an affordable price of $90. The knitted textile paneling and suede overlays in the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit looks and feels durable. Several customers noted that the sneaker is well-built and constructed with premium looking materials and heavy duty built. Some commented that the speckled paneling looks modern and comparable to other contemporary knitted textile shoes of different brands. The supportive Saucony Grid sole is consistent with delivering reliable grip and traction. A few reviewers liked the three colorways used in the design as it is neutral, not overwhelming, and compliments various types of clothing. The lightweight EVA foam midsole provides ample cushioning. Some noted that the thick midsole absorbs shocks and bumps with ease. Knit material in the upper of the Grid 9000 is breathable and airy making them excellent footwear for summer or spring. The interior cleatie construction helps a lot in fitting as well as securing the foot inside the shoe. Many reviewers felt the comfort brought about by the soft padded collar and tongue and leather lining inside the Saucony Grid 9000 Knit. A few users claimed that the thick midsole made the Grid 9000 Knit look bulky. Knit material with the suede overlays could get dirty with accumulated dust or mud splatters after a heavy rain. Some commenters with wide feet feel the one-piece cleatie fit could get tight at the collar
Comfortable, supportive shoes for those who need to be on their feet all day. Easy slip-on style. Comes in Black (Zappos), Midnight Navy, Deep Plum, Hot Cherry, Pagoda Blue and Indian Green (Amazon). Faux Patent Leather upper, antibacterial microfiber lining, triple-density EVA midsole. Microwobbleboard technology. Textured outsole with embossed FitFlop logo. Heel measures 2 inches, platform measures 1 inch. May run wide, also may run large
Perfect for a classic bride who’s looking for a sense of flair, these rhinestone-adorned heels are a stylish and stellar value. Comfortable 3” heel with a stylish open-toe front. Small elastic band inside to help secure foot for easy walking and dancing. Shiny satin and sparkly rhinestones give shoes a fancy look for the special occasion. These shoes are not available in half sizes
Flexible, steel-toed workboot for any job or terrain. Cheaper alternative to the Pittsburgh that holds up just as well. Durable, water-resistant leather and a slip-resistant rubber sole. Good combination of comfort and safety, built to last. 6-inch boot, comes in two colors. Not completely waterproof, laces may wear out quickly
A good choice for taller consumers or those who prefer more leg coverage. However, keep in mind the known sizing issues and finish concerns. Tall, fashionable rain boots that go with numerous styles. Matte finish appeals to those who find the gloss finish too shiny. Sizes run large on most customers, yet boots tend to fit tightly in the calf. Height may be bothersome to shorter women. Matte finish prone to white marks when scuffed
A comfortable and attractive-looking hiking shoe for women. A lightweight trail shoe option with a durable, grippy Vibram outsole. Made for exposure to waterlogged areas, the shoes drain extremely well and dry out quickly. Outsole is flexible, too, so movement in the shoe feels natural. Some complained of a lack of cushioning
Does what a combat boot should, with minimal discomfort and good life. Lightweight with good traction. Warm and comfortable in a variety of conditions. True to size. Durability is an issue, and the boot is not waterproof without treatment. Break-in is sometimes rough on the feet
If you are looking for rugged snow boots that provide reliable warmth and traction for a reasonable price, this is a pair to consider. Durable construction without  too much bulk or weight. Faux fur lining adds to the warmth and comfort. Hook-and-loop closures make them easy for kids to put on and fasten. Built-in snow cleats help gain traction in icy conditions. Sizes may run a bit small for some, especially boys with wide feet
This is a comfortable pair of rain boots that will keep feet reliably dry and warm all while resisting dirt and stains. Comes in  both vibrant and neutral color options to suit every style. Very comfortable shoes that are enjoyable to wear. These stay leak-free even after extended wear. Keep feet warm. Lightweight design and very resistant to dirt and water marks. Tend to run smaller in the calves area, so might be tight on those with large legs
The sturdily built Merrell Moab 2 Mid Waterproof is a fairly decent choice for customers looking for a comfortable, breathable and durable hiking boot. Also, the majority was satisfied with its eye-catching looks and the excellent performance of the Gore-Tex lining in wet environments. It had a sock-like fit that aided wearers during ascents and descents.The rest, however, questioned its waterproofness. All in all, the boot provides excellent grip on challenging terrain and is a great gear to wear for day hikes. The majority found the Merrell Moab 2 Mid Waterproof super comfy. Most of the users appreciated the outsole’s remarkable traction on slippery surfaces. A lot of hikers admired the looks. Many consumers mentioned that the hiking boot needed no time to break in. Several buyers said that they re-ordered the pair to keep as extra owing to its highly lasting durability. Professional gear reviewers were astounded by this boot’s superb breathability. Some hiking enthusiasts praised its glove-like fit. They admitted that it prevented their foot from sliding inside the shoe on ascents or descents. A small number of reviewers appreciated how well the footgear held up to everyday wear and tear without compromising its performance or quality. A renowned footwear review website gave the Moab 2 Mid Waterproof a thumbs down for its lackluster underfoot support. As observed by a considerable number of wearers, it's not waterproof as expected
These shoes are surprisingly supportive and offer all-day comfort cushioning for golfers who want excellent performance without a high price tag. An updated version of Skechers' classic golf shoes that earns praise for reliable comfort, thanks to the responsive foam insole. Fits true to size. Somewhat warm on the feet. Not quite as stylish as some costlier brands, but considering the price you may not mind
Bring the youngest members of your family on a weekend hike with these Timberland Euro Hiker boots. Made with a lightweight, flexible rubber for fantastic traction. Feature crushed  nylon lining and footbed cover for warmth and comfort. Durable. Premium, full-grain leather. Padded collar and tongue for comfort. They can run small
A trusted sneaker style that is a great pick for neutral runners. A good choice for women with narrow feet and high arches. Great for all types of exercise. Not great for women with wider feet. Some complaints that this version isn't designed as thoughtfully as prior iterations
Similar to other Superga styles, except platform adds a little height and an extra touch of style. Old school sneaker look, but with a 1.5-inch platform. Platform helps with some of the support complaints of the COTU classic. Cotton upper. Comes in a variety of colors. Cushioned footbed. Rubber outsole. Takes a while to break in. Heel slips when walking. May run large, so consider this when sizing
Attractive boots that pair nicely with numerous looks and all seasons. The decent price is also a selling point. The comfortable fit and low, stacked heels are ideal for walking and standing for long periods of time. Versatile style works for all-year wear. Faux suede appeals to consumers who prefer not to wear animal-based materials. Fit is true to size for most. Tops of boots have a tendency to "slouch" down, especially on wearers with thinner thighs
A durable shoe from Under Armour that delivers lightweight support. The shoe features a sleek minimal design and a wear-resistant construction that's due to its combination of leather and synthetic materials. The fit is comfortable and the width is generous enough without feeling overly big. Shoe runs small. likely requires sizing up
A tough sole and insulation for colder conditions. Warm, comfortable winter boot with great arch support and a high collar. Stylish and practical, these will keep you warm even on icy terrain. Breathable waterproof mesh. Comes in two colors. Size runs small, stitching may separate after extensive wear
The Asics Gel Fortius 2 TR is an all-around cross-training shoe that was generally favored by both die-hard fitness fanatics and casual gym-goers. They appreciated its sturdy weightlifting platform, flexibility, durability, arch support, and design. Despite all the praises heaped onto the shoe, there were also a few disgruntled purchasers who found the product short-lived and the fit too tight. That said, it was still considered as a great training shoe. Many fitness buffs lauded the versatility of the Asics Gel Fortius 2 TR. the shoe performed well in a wide range of workouts, including CrossFit, weightlifting, dance cardio classes, and short-distance running. Plenty of weightlifters liked that the trainer’s firm support helped in improving their weightlifting stance. A lot of buyers found the design and the colorways to be pleasing to the eyes. The shoe also boasted of solid arch support, according to wearers with high arches. A majority of the consumers lamented the narrow and tight fit of the trainer. Two reviewers have reported that the footwear fell apart after only several weeks of gym use
An aesthetically pleasing hiking boot that has top-notch comfort, virtually zero break-in time, and impressive durability is the Danner Mountain 600. This boot is very lightweight and has a truly satisfying fit. It’s also much-praised for its amazing traction.The shoe, however, isn’t completely waterproof, due largely to the gusseted tongue’s suspicious design. With all that said, the boot’s generous list of benefits can still bring hikers to more miles on tamed, established trails. A large number of people praise the Danner Mountain 600 for its amazing comfort. It virtually requires zero break-in time, according to a considerable number of reviewers. Hordes of users—both men and women—commend the Mountain 600’s durability. A good number of owners mention that they are satisfied with how the Mountain 600 fits them well. A high percentage of hikers like the boot for being very lightweight. Many of these hikers are women. Expert reviewers pretty much love its flexibility, with one even likening it to a trail running shoe. Several users and experts give props to the boot’s Vibram Megagrip outsole for sporting amazing traction, especially on slippery surfaces and wet terrain. The spacious toe box of the Danner Mountain 600 pleases more than a handful of online buyers. Many owners dislike the Danner Mountain 600’s tongue. Although gusseted, it apparently isn’t as waterproof as the entire upper. The stock insole of the Mountain 600 from Danner receives disapproval from less than a handful. They declare that it offered no cushioning and support at all. A very small percentage of wearers complain about the boot’s lack of breathability
