I have pretty normal/narrow feet but I had to exchange for a 9.5 because I knew my toes would be cramped.	I debated about ordering a size down or staying to my true size so I stayed with my true size.	After months of trying to decide what size I should buy, I finally purchased my regular size which is 8.5.	They seem like great sturdy boots but even with my wide feet, I felt
I saw some reports that this brand used to be good but now made by another company in China.	Red & Blue is my favorite color.	Gotten compliments on their looks.	I couldn’t be happier.😎👍	I get lots of compliments on this pair.	They are what I was loooking for.	Fits well, there were a lot of loose strings that needed clipping, but no big deal.	The fit was right on, overall happy with this
For once I don't look like I have giant duck feet with this sleek style.	I’m sure my new black ones will be in heavy rotation as well.	I find this to be very uncomfortable.	I’m diabetic with sensitive feet.	I liked it so much that I ordered a second pair.	They are find for everyday use but not for more than 3 hours.	I also have some neuropathy in my left foot.	I wear
After looking at the reviews again, I see that this is a common problem.	Shoe is a bit darker than color in picture but I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase.	At first, it did feel like I was walking with a monorail underneath, but that quickly went away.	Shoes seemed great, but as an occasional wear shoe I don't expect the soles to be shredding off in less than a year.	I must admit I
UGG website said every pair of genuine UGGS has a QR code that can be scanned to determine legitimacy.	I have been very happy with this slipper.	I doubt this would be a problem for those who have a wider foot.	Ordered size 4 was a little tight No problem with returned re order size 5 fits perfectly.	They just recently gave up on me so I have moved on to another style but these
I can go from work to dinner in this style.	I hoped to switch to Clark but there was just no comparison as far as support was concerned.	But I do wish I would have ordered my exact size.	I can even fit my half shoe orthodics.	Haven't worn it all day yet but I'm sure ti will come through well.	I’ve started ordering up a half size in Clark’s to give my toes more
Size on Stinger ran true, so I had to exchange my size 7 for what I normally wear.	I like to review products I have used for a while to ensure I give an accurate review.	It also makes a big difference when I don't wear any socks.	I started to get a tiny bit of dye transferring to my toes, not a lot.	I always thought Uggs were code for "ugly."	I only gave
Fit is larger/wider than other New Balance shoes I've bought.	Fits as I expected, but people new to New Balance should know that the trail shoes run a bit wider than the running shoes - so this pair is slightly large for me.	Feel like I have more energy to walk further.	Glad I can still find this shoe ~ works great with my orthotics.	The toe box is too small wife says after wearing
So decided to go with Reebok as I have seen a few of my co-workers wear this style of sneaker.	These are amazing shoes, great to wear when I'm on my feet standing for 8+hrs or going for daily exercise (I go on long fast paced walks, not jogging.	These shoes fits a little tighter compared to other brands but I'm been using Reebok forever so if you're new then buy half size larger.	But
Plus I’m over my return period by a few days.	if it fit would have been good.	I'm between sizes (6 to 6.5) but always order up with closed toe shoes especially pointy toes, which are gorgeous.	I want to return it but I have worn it once.	Unfortunately, I bought patent leather but this feels like rubber.	I am hoping with the real leather that this will soften over time but overall i am
I am just glad that ASICS had a non ugly florescence or neon colored shoe.	Side bits have a glossy sheen that I didn't expect, but I'm cool with it.	I love Asics shoes, this is the 3rd pair I have.	It is new so I have to wait for the shoe to stretch with regular use.	Like the shoe just about a half size smaller than I like.	Not sure what glue I can
As a 40+ year martial arts practitioner I am very picky about footwear.	Length is normal, width is a bit thin like all puma I've owned.	Foolishly I thought it would get better with wear.	I forgot that PUMA is usually a narrower shoe.	beginning of toe box is very snug, if not too tight.	Hurt my feet when I’m reffing indoor soccer.	Nice coushiony feel inside.	The Puma Taxon 6Fm running shoe is very
Gary Underhill Trinity Tactical LLC Reno, NV	After a short break-in period I can stand on concrete without it bothering me.	- Roomy toe-box, so I can wear my thick 90% wool socks without a problem.	I was skeptical about purchasing boots online but gave in after not being able to find a pair that fit just right after trying on numerous pairs.	Kept my feet toasty with 1 merino wool sock at temperature of
Like others have said: sizing is way off.	We returned 11am with a very cold weather .	Great shoes will enjoy them when snow come.	They make my four year olds feet like unnaturally wide.	They look durable .gr8 buy	Great looking boot, love it.	Have held up very well so far on my little guy.	So definitely, order 1-2 sizes larger than normal for your child.	My advise would be to go up 2
really beat up my feet because I didn't go a bit larger than what fit.	I went up more than a full size so there was plenty of length.	As for the fit, I've always measured 11.5 E on a Brannick device.	Once I broke it in I didn't get any more blisters.	I think we pulled an eyelet out of one pair but that was after more than 4 years of very rough wear.
I'm sure my foot hadn't changed so either this pair was made wrong or new balance is changing its sizing.	But, this pair only lasted 2+ months, midNov2018 to late Jan2019.	NB no longer seems to make SL-2 last shoes but this is as close as I could find in a tennis shoe.	I went with a 10 on the premise that I would wear a heavier, more cushioned sock.	I have been a New
As I stated in a previous request, my wife is very happy with it.	Might be comfy of I had a size that fit.I even ordered a size bigger than normal size.	I haven’t seen this sliper so comfortable lately.	Pretty, but not comfy like the spa sandals I was given at a spa day.	Other than that I'm pleased with my purchase.	First of all, I love this lovely happy aqua color.	I love
I have to be careful with work boots.	Like others have said, I just use boot socks with them.	Athletic socks won’t do it.	I was kinda upset about that because i thought it was going to be a strong leather type.	I'm in my boots sometimes 12-16 hours a day so I will be looking for something different next time.	I've had my first pair of boots for two years now, walking 3-5 miles
Remedied this with a heavier sock/or 2 light layered socks.	Good tread so I don't slip on snow/ice.	Keens feel great in me, so I've been committed.	A little clunky, but if I had a smaller foot, it would probably not seem that way.	Now I'm in an 8 which is still a bit roomy, but I'm OK with it.	I need good walking shoes and my feet appreciate a wide toe box -- Keen
I have never tried on a pair of shoes in my regular size being that narrow.	I have wider feet so I has to loosen up the aces to fit.	I have a pair of Adidas I’ve been wearing for almost 15 years that are in great shape.	In order to let my feet feel more comfortable I order a half size up.	The toe box is really wide.... which makes wearing this while running
I am very picky about my shoes, workout shoes especially.	I have only used then for two WOD's so far but I can tell a difference in terms of keeping my bakance while lifting.	I purchased this color for my 14 year old daughter.	I also feel like this pair provides better support for running.	Comfortable, well,price but a little bigger than I would have liked.	They made a significant difference in my WODS compared
Needed a reasonable priced shoe as I'm sure he isn't done growing.	As far as price goes anything under 60 is a steal.	By the way, I have normal & thin feet, hopefully this helps.	I find this shoe a little tighter than I had expected.	Because it fit to my expectations, feels like I'm walking on air.	I usually wear size 10-11, my feet are almost exactly 10-inches long.	Good shoe with different style....Have
Nothing better than a good warm pair of boots.	Happy to received my sons snow winter boots n it fits perfectly as expected..	Kamiks are our go-to boot of choice.	As someone mentioned here, you can take it out, but with it would go all the insulation as well.	So far so good with this style now that he is 5 years old.	They're going to work perfectly for our son for those purposes.	Seem
I grew up wearing Stride Rite shoes so my expectations where high.	They are not even black anymore.	Stride rite never lets me down.	Very comfortable shoe for my 1st grader.	No time to reorder or shop.	But I was wrong.my Lil girl loves her shoe so do I.	It is a required shoe for her uniform in her choir.	As to wear, the soles are intact, no significant wear.	I'm glad to see that
Great product wider fit than normal converse ,good price fast delivery.these look like canvas but are nice white leather.can recomend.	Really classic Converse everyone should own once in their life.	No more barricades behind her cosy bed.	perfect.. cant beat a new pair of converse to mark the sign that summer is here	So it came a bit bigger, but still be fine to wear.	As well as being too large, seem to be very
I had to sew a piece of Velcro so I could make it tight enough to wear comfortably.	I have many Ryka shoes buy this pair seems to be narrow.	After hip replacement I need firm foot support.	Took a chance that it would fit me, right out of the box.	They are really too short.	I have a pink pair in size 7.5 that fit great.	I have this sneaker in every color now.
I wear a large size so this is important to me...hate sending things back.	for me personally, I needed a half size bigger than my normal size.	I normally wear a medium width - this is definitely less than that.	For a more masculine shoe, I have no desire to have my feet look larger.	breathable,flexible,durable.the suede is actually kind of scuff resistant.	I don't see who it could fit comfortably - i do not
Fits very well it does seem slightly loose but I believe without that it would be difficult to put on.	at first I thought it must be how Hunter boots run.	I read reviews by their customers recommending people with half sizes to go down in size, not so in my case.	I choose a Hunter Size 7 for my US size 8 feet, and they fit well with a medium weight sock.	I normally
We had never heard of the Danner brand before...we are both very pleased.	I am very happy with my order.	I haven't tested the water proofing on the boots yet but with a name like Danner, one can only expect high performance.	Nothing has worked, I was expecting more from Danner.	Boots fit very well & look nice too.	I've only had it on a few hikes, but the fit so far feels right.	I
These are an unusual fleshy/peach/nude color.	I am flat footed, so it didn't matter.	I have tried bandaids, socks, cushioning.	XOXO, Erica Marie	During my daily commute, I would just switch to sneakers.	I will enjoy this pair of boots for all seasons.	The Heel Height: 1 1⁄2 inches is right height for me.	It is too bad as I love them but am not able to wear them.	These boots are just as expected,
Something must have changed in manufacturing though cause it feel like Im walking without any support or cushion in the heels.	By far my longest longevity boot I have ever owned.	With light wear it barely lasted a year, I could only imagine how long it would last in a rough environment.	Leather is a little softer than I expect in a work boot, but I suppose it is a pretty reasonable trade-off for not
I suggest knowing your size in this brand as certain sneaker brands can run differently.	Can't quite place it but I can just feel it.	I will continue to buy as long as there available in my size.	I bought an elastic shoe string called Lock Laces to use with the shoes.	I ordered a size 9 which is my shoe size but after a while my toes started to ache.	good shoe doesn't look
I'm in love with anything FitFlop makes, but this is just a flop flop.	Im an average width, I have purchased 8 before so I knew it would fit.	Highly recommend if you have no arch under your feet.	They still fit but took a few days to break in .	I wear this pool color pair of FitFlops when I work clinical shifts.	I own 4 pairs of Fitflops now.	These fit like other
I recieved so many compliments on it The shoe is absolutely beautiful.	They are so beautiful, I can't wait for my wedding day to wear them.	It was getting really hard to find ivory shoes that are actually ivory instead of stark white.	I looked for blue shoes for my wedding for months.	I wear a 7.5 in heels, but ordered a 7.	The fit was perfect, UNTIL, you have to walk in them.	Glad
For about 7 years I struggled with a paid of Timberland Pro steel toe boots.	I wear my boots for 9 hours a day, 5 days week, so comfort is paramount.	I hope keen can fix this problem.	Waterproofing didn't last as long as I'd hoped, but I also work with chemicals so I'm assuming that had something to do with that.	I did add some insoles after about 8 months.	not my first pair
I am happy to have found a pair of boots that have adjustable width.	I could see this style being uncomfortable on a shorter person.	I never could fit in boots without some option to expand in that area.	I would reccommend getting thick socks because your feet can get cold.	Normally I go up but in this case I tried on in a store first.	I can not fit a regular boot past my
If it rains or I step in a deep puddle my socks get wet but can dry quickly as well if not soaked.	I ordered a half size larger to accommodate insoles.	I love Merrell shoes, so this is a nice one to add to my collection.	But last weekend I went on a hike with a stream.	I'm a minimalist kind of girl but everything out there that claimed to be minimalist so far,
Once I got my boots, it felt like I had been given a new lease on life.	I went from a stylish pair of footwear at my workplace on Fridays...we are permitted to wear sneakers, I went for rugged class.	I personally will not waste my money again haven't enen used more than 90 days.	also some dull spots,on left shoe,not buffef quite right,upon assembly	Zippers work fine, no issue so far, that is a
They are lined all through with cozy fake fur.	Great snow boots for my Grandson.	For my grandson who lives in a cold climate.	He says his feet are really warm in snow.	They are soft all the way down to the toes.	So hopefully this helps when buying your boots.	Light on the feet, warm,comfortable, easy for kids on the spectrum who prefer velcro.	Really cute, nice fit, but zero ability to feet from
However if you have more muscular or just bigger calves in general, i'd recommend a different pair of boots.	My toes touched the inside toe of the boot, so I returned it for a Size fits perfect.	I can also wear them with thick socks comfortably.	I got compliments all day, but my feet also felt suffocated.	I do not like the 'popping' of the calf portion against my leg when I walk.	After a
I was looking for a non-insulated hiker with good traction for off trail use.	Haven't tested waterproof-ness, but I'm not expecting any issues there.	Warmth was not a problem with regular compression socks but I had a pair of wool socks handy just in case.	Perhaps I will go with Gore Tex lining next time.	Other than that I am satisfied with my new boots.	I do this to all my shoes, so my fit
I have already recommended Skecher golf shoes to my golfing buddies.	I wear a 9 EEEE, basically duck feet.	If you golf in 90 plus degree weather you might think about a more breathable shoe.	Skechers Golf Shoes - very comfortable.	Better looking than my Ecco's.	Shoes were just fine, but id not fit me well.	Extremely comfortable..let see performance while on score...If good, surely buy one more with another color.	It also keeps my
With this boot I will have to use thick socks or two pairs-which isn't really bad if we get a very cold winter.	so far everything I have purchased from amazon has been perfect.	Excelent product.	I just can't seem to get my size correct.	Grandson was so excited that he tried them on immediately.Fit was perfect,sole will be stiff until broken in.	So size adjustment has been a challenge with sz.	thank you my
I haven't had any issues with fit doing it this way.	Always my favorite running shoe, but since this one also comes in black, I can wear it to work with my uniform as well.	I did skip the first lacing hole due to my wide bunion feet.	I am very sad that Mizuno has discontinued this version of their running shoe line.	I have supinated feet with extremely high arches.	I always order this
I was looking for a walking shoe that was more comfy than my chucks, these ain’t them.	With a regular sock I might not have this problem.	I tried using thick socks but it didn't help.	I felt the shoe may be a little wide at point of purchase.	- I love this sneaker, I re-order a new pair as my other white Supergas get dirty.	I needed this sneaker ASAP because I have an
I already have some thigh high boots but wanted a flat boot because I knew I’d want total comfort along with looking cute some days .	So glad I don’t have to pull my boots up all night.	They were slightly loose on me but I’m sure would fit fine on someone with normal legs.	It looked quite silly so I sent it back.	I think I'm going to return it.	Good for narrow feet
Very good brand of shoes.	Otherwise it will look really weird because I don't know how to wardrobe.	However for a cheap everyday shoe this is perfect.	I bought this because another reviewer who had wide feet stated it was a good fit.	They were delivered a day late though.	Under Armour sneakers run small, this is my third UA sneaker purchase.	They are tight due to running style shoe but the look is awesome
Fit as expected, but my toes was not warm enough , cold, weld made good Quality , I did return it .	Assumed that going up 1/2 a size would allow for a heavier sock.	Hiking in Yellowstone has been great.	Warm, I live close to copper harbor Michigan.	Very cold with large amounts of snow.	I have not tested in bad weather yet thougj.	What is nice about this Keen Boot is that it
I have narrow feet, always an 8 in Asics products.	I have very flat feet which was causing me knee pains when I lifted.	Wearing compression socks, I'm good.	we had to return, we thought we measured my husbands feet correctly, but it is true to size.	I've never needed a wide shoe before but I would prefer that in this shoe.	Seems to be I very well built shoe also a very narrow shoe
Always have a couple pairs on hand, very versatile boot wether it be casual, construction, law enforcement or even its intended purpose, hiking.	At that point, I would have rather just spent more on different boots that were made for a real human foot.	However, I found this was NOT true in my case.	Even so, many are too narrow.	I work in landscaping, so this is my opinion.	Need I say more.	I consistently
